Major Events/Bloomshore District explosion.md, before:

Occurs on-screen during [[01-04.03 Within Reach]].

Most likely takes place approx 2 weeks after MC becomes a hunter.

[[Grandma]] is killed during the explosion, and [[Caleb]] is presumed dead, though he has actually been recovered by [[Ever]] and becomes victim to their modifications, including [[Caleb's mechanical arm]] and the [[Toring Chip]]. ([[04 Homecoming Wings]])

On the day of the explosion, a news report heard in [[01-04.01 Family]] indicates that there have been other explosions attributed to [[Wanderer]] activity. Likewise, in [[01-04.04 A Real Nightmare]], this explosion is classified as an accident due to [[Metaflux]] fluctuations.

However, [[WU-06 Sealed In Dust]] reveals that [[Ever]] is behind the explosion, and that the [[duckbill cap man]] that [[MC]] saw in [[01-04.02 Interlude]] is the direct culprit. His job was to kill Josephine and deliver [[Josephine's secret notes]] to [[Raincoat 2]], one of Ever's goons.

In [[02 Long Awaited Revelry]], [[Philip]] reports that only two of the explosions were [[Ever]]'s doing. (Details TBA, #todo) This means that [[Ever]] was capitalizing on the [[Metaflux]] explosions as a cover. Notably, none of the [[Metaflux]] explosions were deadly.

Commit message:

Add Long Awaited Revelry and Beyond Cloudfall
Add the Long Awaited Revelry main story arc, and Sylus's Beyond Cloudfall myth (as these two are highly inter-related). Plus some misc clean-up.

Major Events/Bloomshore District explosion.md, after:

Occurs on-screen during [[01-04.03 Within Reach]].

Most likely takes place approx 2 weeks after MC becomes a hunter.

[[Grandma]] is killed during the explosion, and [[Caleb]] is presumed dead, though he has actually been recovered by [[Ever]] and becomes victim to their modifications, including [[Caleb's mechanical arm]] and the [[Toring Chip]]. ([[04 Homecoming Wings]])

On the day of the explosion, a news report heard in [[01-04.01 Family]] indicates that there have been other explosions attributed to [[Wanderer]] activity. Likewise, in [[01-04.04 A Real Nightmare]], this explosion is classified as an accident due to [[Metaflux]] fluctuations.

However, [[WU-06 Sealed In Dust]] reveals that [[Ever]] is behind the explosion, and that the [[duckbill cap man]] that [[MC]] saw in [[01-04.02 Interlude]] is the direct culprit. His job was to kill Josephine and deliver [[Josephine's secret notes]] to [[Raincoat 2]], one of Ever's goons.

In [[02-01.06 Resonance and Shackles]], [[Philip]] reports that only two of the explosions were [[Ever]]'s doing--the [[Bloomshore District explosion]] and one in the [[northern suburbs]]. This means that [[Ever]] was capitalizing on the [[Metaflux]] explosions as a cover. Notably, none of the [[Metaflux]] explosions were deadly.
