Major Events/Chronorift Catastrophe.md, before:

> "I still remember that from fourteen years ago. It was also a lively evening. The roars of Wanderers, like a flood, drowned out the screams and cries for help. I sprint through the street covered in rubble, not even knowing what monster is chasing me. Until a sharp pain pierces me and burrows itself into my heart.
> A makeshift shelter made of the remains of collapsed buildings is within sight. Trembling, I muster all the strength I have and crawl toward it. Amidst the dirt and gloom, a small seedling breaks through the soil. If I survive this, I don't want to be anyone's prey. I don't want to only run when there's danger..." 
> -- [[MC]] internal monologue, [[01-01.06 UNICORNS]]

> "During the Chronorift Catastrophe, the first [[Wanderer]] to be killed was [[Tezcatlipoca]]." 
> -- [[Xavier]], [[01-03.04 Maze]]

> "I know Lumiere. And it's possible we met before. Although my memory is a bit fuzzy, I still remember that rusty-red rain. I could only see the shadow of a [[Wanderer]], but then a beam of light saved me."
> -- [[MC]], [[01-06.01 Legendary Lumiere]]

> "[...] standing in the middle of a severely damaged road, [[Xavier]] rescued a girl and disappeared soon after. [[Jeremiah]] knows that he must have found 'her'."
> -- [[Jeremiah]] POV, [[WU-04 From The Stars#04 Catastrophe]]

 > It pierces through the skyscrapers of [[Linkon]] City like a meteor, shooting right through the psychological defenses of its citizens. [...] they're mercilessly crushed by a [[Wanderer]] that somehow appeared behind them, becoming a handful of dust.
 > -- [[Jeremiah]] POV, [[WU-04 From The Stars#04 Catastrophe]]

# Spacepedia
Fourteen years ago, with the opening of the [[Deepspace Tunnel]], countless [[Wanderer]]s invaded Earth and began attacking humans. Many lives were lost. Among the affected areas, [[Linkon]] City suffered the highest number of casualties.

# Other Info

## Timeline
The catastrophe began in the summer of 2034. ([[WU-04 From The Stars]] begins in Summer 2033, and then the Catastrophe chapter says "a year later", indicating that the catastrophe begins during summer 2034.) [[WU-16 Utopian Roamer]] gives a partial date of 2034-X-X6, indicating it occurred on the 16th or 26th (or maybe 6th) of the month.
 
There's a three day unnatural "polar night" (i.e., period without a full sunrise) before the first [[Wanderer]] appears. Much of the death (including when [[Xavier]] saves [[MC]]) happens in the first few days, but the conflict drags on.

By January 1st 2035, [[Azure Square]] has been rebuilt. On that day, the [[Hunters Association]] is founded, and humanity accepts that it will have to coexist with [[Wanderer]]s. ([[WU-04 From The Stars#04 Catastrophe]])

Over the next two years, [[Linkon]] City rapidly rebuilds. By the time it's 2037, they've figured out how to use [[Protocore]] Energy and the city is even more prosperous than it was before the catastrophe.

## Companion Interactions
* [[Xavier]], as [[Lumiere]], saved [[MC]] from a [[Wanderer]] with a beam of light. ([[01-06.01 Legendary Lumiere]])
* [[Zayne]] briefly met [[MC]] at the shelter and made her a popcicle, though she forgot about this. (citation #todo, this is in a Zayne memory where they go try to get nostalgic snacks)
* [[Caleb]] finds [[MC]] at the shelter, and realizes she's forgotten him again. He re-introduces himself. (citation #todo)

**Notes**
* Chrono = time, so this is a "time rift" catastrophe. Central to the themes of [[spacetime]] disturbances and [[converging timelines]]

## MC's Experience
[[MC]] has recurring nightmares about this day, including this one from [[01-03.09 Another Predicament]]:
> Monsters! Run!
> `MC runs through smoke and rubble.`
> Run... Run... I can't be caught
> Rusty-red rain falls rm the sky and seeps into every nook and cranny of the city. I step over the puddles, running away.
> I sense a powerful force. It's about to burst from my heart.
> `MC looks up and the moon glitches, then turns red`
> Then the moon appears. Magnificent, it descends before me. It flickers.
> It seems to be blinking at me.
* ((This is a reference to the [[the giant red eye]]))

In [[04-02.04 Annihilation]], [[Caleb]] makes a brief but potentially meaningful comment: "Back at the shelter, I remember you said your home was beyond the stars." This would have been during the catastrophe before [[Grandma]] adopted them. MC had her memory problems, so her saying her home is "beyond the stars" may be prophetic.

Commit message:

Add Sylus's arc of Death and Rebirth and key Sylus memories/themes
Giant chaos commit because I went down some rabbit holes of Sylus lore.

Major Events/Chronorift Catastrophe.md, after:

> "I still remember that from fourteen years ago. It was also a lively evening. The roars of Wanderers, like a flood, drowned out the screams and cries for help. I sprint through the street covered in rubble, not even knowing what monster is chasing me. Until a sharp pain pierces me and burrows itself into my heart.
> A makeshift shelter made of the remains of collapsed buildings is within sight. Trembling, I muster all the strength I have and crawl toward it. Amidst the dirt and gloom, a small seedling breaks through the soil. If I survive this, I don't want to be anyone's prey. I don't want to only run when there's danger..." 
> -- [[MC]] internal monologue, [[01-01.06 UNICORNS]]

> "During the Chronorift Catastrophe, the first [[Wanderer]] to be killed was [[Tezcatlipoca]]." 
> -- [[Xavier]], [[01-03.04 Maze]]

> "I know Lumiere. And it's possible we met before. Although my memory is a bit fuzzy, I still remember that rusty-red rain. I could only see the shadow of a [[Wanderer]], but then a beam of light saved me."
> -- [[MC]], [[01-06.01 Legendary Lumiere]]

> "[...] standing in the middle of a severely damaged road, [[Xavier]] rescued a girl and disappeared soon after. [[Jeremiah]] knows that he must have found 'her'."
> -- [[Jeremiah]] POV, [[WU-04 From The Stars#04 Catastrophe]]

 > It pierces through the skyscrapers of [[Linkon]] City like a meteor, shooting right through the psychological defenses of its citizens. [...] they're mercilessly crushed by a [[Wanderer]] that somehow appeared behind them, becoming a handful of dust.
 > -- [[Jeremiah]] POV, [[WU-04 From The Stars#04 Catastrophe]]
 
 > "Those monsters and that cosmic void in the sky... It's all because of you..."
 > Young Dimitri, [[05-02.03 Cosmic Convergence]]

# Spacepedia
Fourteen years ago, with the opening of the [[Deepspace Tunnel]], countless [[Wanderer]]s invaded Earth and began attacking humans. Many lives were lost. Among the affected areas, [[Linkon]] City suffered the highest number of casualties.

# Other Info

## Timeline
The catastrophe began in the summer of 2034. ([[WU-04 From The Stars]] begins in Summer 2033, and then the Catastrophe chapter says "a year later", indicating that the catastrophe begins during summer 2034.) [[WU-16 Utopian Roamer]] gives a partial date of 2034-X-X6, indicating it occurred on the 16th or 26th (or maybe 6th) of the month.
 
There's a three day unnatural "polar night" (i.e., period without a full sunrise) before the first [[Wanderer]] appears. Much of the death (including when [[Xavier]] saves [[MC]]) happens in the first few days, but the conflict drags on.

By January 1st 2035, [[Azure Square]] has been rebuilt. On that day, the [[Hunters Association]] is founded, and humanity accepts that it will have to coexist with [[Wanderer]]s. ([[WU-04 From The Stars#04 Catastrophe]])

Over the next two years, [[Linkon]] City rapidly rebuilds. By the time it's 2037, they've figured out how to use [[Protocore]] Energy and the city is even more prosperous than it was before the catastrophe.

## Companion Interactions
* [[Xavier]], as [[Lumiere]], saved [[MC]] from a [[Wanderer]] with a beam of light. ([[01-06.01 Legendary Lumiere]])
* [[Zayne]] briefly met [[MC]] at the shelter and made her a popcicle, though she forgot about this. (citation #todo, this is in a Zayne memory where they go try to get nostalgic snacks)
* [[Caleb]] finds [[MC]] at the shelter, and realizes she's forgotten him again. He re-introduces himself. (citation #todo)

**Notes**
* Chrono = time, so this is a "time rift" catastrophe. Central to the themes of [[spacetime]] disturbances and [[converging timelines]]

## MC's Experience
[[MC]] has recurring nightmares about this day, including this one from [[01-03.09 Another Predicament]]:
> Monsters! Run!
> `MC runs through smoke and rubble.`
> Run... Run... I can't be caught
> Rusty-red rain falls rm the sky and seeps into every nook and cranny of the city. I step over the puddles, running away.
> I sense a powerful force. It's about to burst from my heart.
> `MC looks up and the moon glitches, then turns red`
> Then the moon appears. Magnificent, it descends before me. It flickers.
> It seems to be blinking at me.
* ((This is a reference to the [[the giant red eye]]))

In [[04-02.04 Annihilation]], [[Caleb]] makes a brief but potentially meaningful comment: "Back at the shelter, I remember you said your home was beyond the stars." This would have been during the catastrophe before [[Grandma]] adopted them. MC had her memory problems, so her saying her home is "beyond the stars" may be prophetic.
