Major Events/Main Story Timeline.md, before:


Day -14: Approx date that [[Raymond]] starts showing symptoms. ([[01-02.02 Close Encounter]])

Day 1: Events of [[01-01 To Begin]]
* Based on [[Zayne#Timeline]], these events most likely occur in mid to late July
	* This is corroborated by the timing of the [[Hunters' Exam]]
Day 2: Events of [[01-02 The First Mission]], up through [[01-02.05 Artsy Dreams]] and the first half of [[01-02.06 Next Target]]
Day 3: Meeting with [[Thomas]] at [[Flux Arts]], [[01-02.06 Next Target]] through [[01-02.13 In Hot Pursuit]] 
* It's not specifically stated whether [[01-03.01 Order No. 85]] is the same day or not, but given the evening-to-night transition and the urgency, and Jenna's reference to "last night's fluctuations" in [[01-03.10 Invitation]], it's almost certainly the same night. This means Day 3 continues through [[01-03.08 Where Light Vanishes]].
Day 4: Events of [[01-03.09 Another Predicament]] through the end of [[01-03 Talented Hunter]].

Approx 2 week time jump, assuming the events of [[01-04.01 Family]] are the visit that [[Caleb]] and [[MC]] discussed in [[01-01.09 Rainfall Curtain]] as "at the end of the month."

Day 18: Events of [[01-04.01 Family]] through [[01-04.03 Within Reach]]
* ((It wasn't in question, but [[WU-19 Serpent's Cast]] confirms that the [[Bloomshore District explosion]] occurs in 2048, but also indicates that there's snow on the ground at the time. But also it doesn't seem to be winter in [[01-04.03 Within Reach]]? Kind of at a loss with this one, might just be a continuity error (or the circus is in the arctic??)))

Approx 6 mo time jump. MC was supposed to take 3 months to recover, but [[Zayne]] had allowed her to return to work early. For ease of notekeeping, I'll mark the times from here as if it were an exact 6mo skip, but all dates are approximate.
* Assuming it's correct that the main story starts in July, these events would pick back up again in approx January 2049.
* At about 5mo into this skip, she had a "[[Metaflux]] ablation" procedure that [[Greyson]] notes in [[01-04.04 A Real Nightmare]].
* Also at about 5mo into this skip, a mysterious person ([[Xavier]] disguised as [[Lumiere]]) bought all the [[Protocore]]s off the [[Black Market]] and then destroyed them. MC doesn't see [[Xavier]] again until about a month later in [[01-06.02 Late Night Encounter]].

6mo + 19 days: Events of [[01-04.04 A Real Nightmare]] through [[01-05.01 Unspoken Secret]].
* As mentioned above, most likely February 2049

6mo + 20 days: Events of [[01-05.02 Snow-Kissed Coffee]] through the first part of [[01-05.09 Snowy Mountain]]

6mo + 21 days: Events from the second part of [[01-05.09 Snowy Mountain]]

6mo + 22 days: Events of [[01-06.01 Legendary Lumiere]] through [[01-06.08 Evening Breeze]].

6mo + 23 days: Events of [[01-06.10 First Visit]] through the first part of [[01-07.04 Under The Waves]]

6mo + 24 days: Events of the second part of [[01-07.04 Under The Waves]] through [[01-08.01 Bonfire]].

There's potentially an unspecified time skip of no more than 3 weeks before [[01-08.02 Desecrated Soil]], which happens on the Saturday before [[Hunting Day]]. Events through [[01-08.07 Stellar Guidance]] take place that same day and into the next morning, Sunday. [[01-08.09 Into Deep]] and [[01-08.10 Trap]] cover the actual events of [[Hunting Day]].

Hunting Day: Events through [[02-01.02 Alike]].

Hunting Day + 3: Events through [[02-01.03 Cornered Beast]]

Hunting Day + 4: MC wakes up in bed, [[02-01.04 Into Danger]] through [[02-02.06 Agreement]]

Hunting Day + 5: [[Midnight Stealth]] into [[02-02.07 Roleplay]], through [[02-02.12 Resonance's Power]].


At the end of [[02 Long Awaited Revelry]], it's probably late Feb/early March 2049.
* Earliest time: 7mo from the start of the main story (Late Feb 2049)
* Latest time: 7mo + 3 weeks from the start of the main story (Early March 2049)

Between [[02 Long Awaited Revelry]] and [[03 Prologue To Tomorrow]], there's a two month time skip.
* Earliest time: 9mo from the start of the main story (Late Apr 2049)
* Latest time: 9mo + 3 weeks from the start of the main story (Early May 2049)
	* However, [[03-C Voyage of the Outcast - 02]] specifically notes the season as autumn, meaning it would be September at the earliest. #todo

The shortest amount of time the events of [[03 Prologue To Tomorrow]] could take is approx 16 days. Ignoring the mention of autumn:
* Earliest time: 9.5 mo from the start of the main story (Mid May 2049)
* Latest time: 10.25 mo from the start of the main story (Late May 2049)

Commit message:

Update Main Story Timeline.md
Add a note about preferring the new flowchart version

Major Events/Main Story Timeline.md, after:

NOTE: This page is being replaced with [[Main Story Timeline Flowchart.canvas|Main Story Timeline Flowchart]], so new additions should go there and follow the tabular formatting used for key events.

Day -14: Approx date that [[Raymond]] starts showing symptoms. ([[01-02.02 Close Encounter]])

Day 1: Events of [[01-01 To Begin]]
* Based on [[Zayne#Timeline]], these events most likely occur in mid to late July
	* This is corroborated by the timing of the [[Hunters' Exam]]
Day 2: Events of [[01-02 The First Mission]], up through [[01-02.05 Artsy Dreams]] and the first half of [[01-02.06 Next Target]]
Day 3: Meeting with [[Thomas]] at [[Flux Arts]], [[01-02.06 Next Target]] through [[01-02.13 In Hot Pursuit]] 
* It's not specifically stated whether [[01-03.01 Order No. 85]] is the same day or not, but given the evening-to-night transition and the urgency, and Jenna's reference to "last night's fluctuations" in [[01-03.10 Invitation]], it's almost certainly the same night. This means Day 3 continues through [[01-03.08 Where Light Vanishes]].
Day 4: Events of [[01-03.09 Another Predicament]] through the end of [[01-03 Talented Hunter]].

Approx 2 week time jump, assuming the events of [[01-04.01 Family]] are the visit that [[Caleb]] and [[MC]] discussed in [[01-01.09 Rainfall Curtain]] as "at the end of the month."

Day 18: Events of [[01-04.01 Family]] through [[01-04.03 Within Reach]]
* ((It wasn't in question, but [[WU-19 Serpent's Cast]] confirms that the [[Bloomshore District explosion]] occurs in 2048, but also indicates that there's snow on the ground at the time. But also it doesn't seem to be winter in [[01-04.03 Within Reach]]? Kind of at a loss with this one, might just be a continuity error (or the circus is in the arctic??)))

Approx 6 mo time jump. MC was supposed to take 3 months to recover, but [[Zayne]] had allowed her to return to work early. For ease of notekeeping, I'll mark the times from here as if it were an exact 6mo skip, but all dates are approximate.
* Assuming it's correct that the main story starts in July, these events would pick back up again in approx January 2049.
* At about 5mo into this skip, she had a "[[Metaflux]] ablation" procedure that [[Greyson]] notes in [[01-04.04 A Real Nightmare]].
* Also at about 5mo into this skip, a mysterious person ([[Xavier]] disguised as [[Lumiere]]) bought all the [[Protocore]]s off the [[Black Market]] and then destroyed them. MC doesn't see [[Xavier]] again until about a month later in [[01-06.02 Late Night Encounter]].

6mo + 19 days: Events of [[01-04.04 A Real Nightmare]] through [[01-05.01 Unspoken Secret]].
* As mentioned above, most likely February 2049

6mo + 20 days: Events of [[01-05.02 Snow-Kissed Coffee]] through the first part of [[01-05.09 Snowy Mountain]]

6mo + 21 days: Events from the second part of [[01-05.09 Snowy Mountain]]

6mo + 22 days: Events of [[01-06.01 Legendary Lumiere]] through [[01-06.08 Evening Breeze]].

6mo + 23 days: Events of [[01-06.10 First Visit]] through the first part of [[01-07.04 Under The Waves]]

6mo + 24 days: Events of the second part of [[01-07.04 Under The Waves]] through [[01-08.01 Bonfire]].

There's potentially an unspecified time skip of no more than 3 weeks before [[01-08.02 Desecrated Soil]], which happens on the Saturday before [[Hunting Day]]. Events through [[01-08.07 Stellar Guidance]] take place that same day and into the next morning, Sunday. [[01-08.09 Into Deep]] and [[01-08.10 Trap]] cover the actual events of [[Hunting Day]].

Hunting Day: Events through [[02-01.02 Alike]].

Hunting Day + 3: Events through [[02-01.03 Cornered Beast]]

Hunting Day + 4: MC wakes up in bed, [[02-01.04 Into Danger]] through [[02-02.06 Agreement]]

Hunting Day + 5: [[Midnight Stealth]] into [[02-02.07 Roleplay]], through [[02-02.12 Resonance's Power]].


At the end of [[02 Long Awaited Revelry]], it's probably late Feb/early March 2049.
* Earliest time: 7mo from the start of the main story (Late Feb 2049)
* Latest time: 7mo + 3 weeks from the start of the main story (Early March 2049)

Between [[02 Long Awaited Revelry]] and [[03 Prologue To Tomorrow]], there's a two month time skip.
* Earliest time: 9mo from the start of the main story (Late Apr 2049)
* Latest time: 9mo + 3 weeks from the start of the main story (Early May 2049)
	* However, [[03-C Voyage of the Outcast - 02]] specifically notes the season as autumn, meaning it would be September at the earliest. #todo

The shortest amount of time the events of [[03 Prologue To Tomorrow]] could take is approx 16 days. Ignoring the mention of autumn:
* Earliest time: 9.5 mo from the start of the main story (Mid May 2049)
* Latest time: 10.25 mo from the start of the main story (Late May 2049)
