# Summary
The next morning, [[MC]] and [[Zayne]] part ways again. MC heads back to [[Linkon]] to continue her investigation into [[Onychinus]] and the [[Aether Core]], while [[Zayne]] heads deep into [[Mt Eternal]] for undisclosed reasons.

← [[01-05.08 Snowy Tranquility]] | [[01-05.10 Battle - Freezing Cold - Challenge]] →
# Details
[[MC]] decides to head to bed.

[[Zayne]] asks her to wait and gathers [[Josephine's notes]].

> Zayne: These documents contain information about the energy in your heart and its connection to the [[Aether Core]]. If they're leaked, you might become [[Onychinus]]'s next target.

MC assumes that [[Onychinus]] is responsible for the deaths of the other researchers, and Zayne agrees, saying they probably want to keep the [[Aether Core]] for themselves, or are trying to hide other [[Aether Core]]s in their possession. ((Later, we learn that [[Ever]] is actually responsible for killing the researchers, including [[Grandma]], as retaliation for them ending the program and allowing the test subjects ([[MC]] and [[Caleb]]) to escape.))

This inspires MC to cross-check a detail about her [[Aether Core]] with the [[modified Protocore]] that they recovered from the [[Flux Nexus]] in [[No-Hunt Zone 7]].

> MC: "Energy at rest: 3021.7 eV." This is my heart's minimum energy output value that corresponds to the ground state of the [[Aether Core]].

> 3019.9 eV. The [[Protocurve]] of that [[Protocore]] and the energy value in its ground state is close to the energy value of the [[Aether Core]] in my heart. Meanwhile, the energy value for ordinary [[Protocore]]s is around 2500 eV. (This can't be a coincidence. That [[Protocore]] is a result of [[Onychinus]] using an [[Aether Core]] to modify it.)

[[Dr. Noah]] suggests that MC stay a few more days. She's eager to continue her investigation, but promises to return for a longer trip.

Meanwhile, [[Zayne]] emerges, ready for his own investigation. He urges [[MC]] to stay safe, then heads off towards [[Mt Eternal]].