# Summary
[[MC]] identifies a suspicious murder from two years ago. She's able to get more information from an anonymous insider, who sends her a picture of the murder victim and an audio file.

Though [[MC]] doesn't know it yet, the audio file confirms that the murderer is [[Sylus]], who seems to be looking for information from the victim, an [[Ever]] researcher. MC believes that if [[Onychinus]] is responsible, they would have been able to manipulate the media--or, they allowed the story to circulate to send a message. ((Given [[Sylus]]'s relationship with [[Ever]], [[MC]] is likely spot on about this.))

The anonymous user also mentions a new bounty, and [[MC]] is disturbed to see that the target, wanted dead or alive, is [[Rafayel]].

# Details
[[MC]] spends most of the day reading through the [[Hunters Association]] database using [[Xavier]]'s maximum level clearance. 

> *After spending most of the day searching, a news article from two years ago catches my eye.
> Located in the heart of [[Linkon]] City, a man in his 50s was murdered in a luxurious apartment. The killer has never been caught.*
> 
> MC: (All evidence points to [[Onychinus]], but it's still not enough to be certain. An unsolved case...)
> 
> *If Onychinus is the culprit, then they're clearly able to manipulate the media. But they didn't. Maybe they're trying to send a message. Even though the Association blocked all insider channels, there are some encrypted ones. For a small fee, a person can locate the source.*

A chat UI loads.

> User423412: Hi. All I got is a single crime scene photo and a bad audio clip. Still want them?
> MC: Yeah
> User423412: Why are you looking into Onychinus? Got a score to settle?
> MC: Wasn't there a policy about not asking about the past?
> User423412: I'm just curious.

A file sending prompt appears. MC accepts.

> *There is a room filled with classical furniture. An untouched bottle of expensive wine sits on the nightstand. It appears its owner died before he could have a chance to celebrate. Wearing a bathrobe, a man lies motionless by the door. The intricately embroidered carpet beneath him is soaked in dark red blood. A wisp of smoke slowly spirals out from the bullet hole in his chest, like a crimson carnation blooms from his blood-soaked shirt.*

Returning to the chat UI:
> User423412: The photo was apparently taken just before the feed was cut. But no weapons or traces were left behind at the crime scene. The police investigation reveals that aside from the victim, there were three other individuals.
> MC: How do they know?
> User423412: The recording had the sounds of footsteps from two people along with a conversation.
> MC: Who was the victim?
> User423412: They say it's an important researcher for [[Ever]]'s biopharmaceutical company. Have you heard of [[Ever]] before? They're a well-known name.

The unknown user then sends the audio attachment.

It's Sylus's voice, though [[MC]] doesn't know that yet.
> Sylus: Hah, you don't even know what I'm talking about. Well, you won't have to worry about it now.
> *A scream cuts through the air. What follows is silence and then harsh static.
> I keep replaying the clip, over and over, trying to etch this voice into my memory. As my cursor is about to click the X in the top right-hand corner, a new message stops me.*
> User423412: Are you interested in the [[N109 Zone]] because you're looking for work? A new bounty has been put up. Want to take a look? Let me earn that referral payment.
> MC: Who's the target?

The interface sends another image. It's [[Rafayel]], Wanted Dead or Alive, 24,071,300 currency reward. MC is disturbed to see this.

Scene end.