# Summary

We're introduced to [[Akso Hospital]] and Dr. [[Zayne]]. MC checks in about her heart condition, which is related to the [[Protocore fragment]]s in her heart.

# Details

[[MC]] checks in with [[Yvonne]] to confirm that Dr. [[Zayne]] hasn't gone home yet. She reflects on their history:
> I met Zayne after Grandma took me in. I was eight years old then.
> Our families had been friends for years, so we'd occasionally get together for meals.
> We didn't meet again until half a year ago, during a follow-up check up on the [[Protocore fragment]]s in my heart.
> I would've never guessed that after not seeing him for more than a decade, he'd reappar as my primary care physician.
* (([[WU-02 Snowy Stairs]] establishes that Zayne took over Dr. Noah's cases in mid-January 2048, so this is likely when they reconnected, making it circa mid-July at this point in the main story.))

Yvonne connects MC through to Zayne, who teases her by counting down the seconds remaining until she's considered a no-show.

[[MC]] comments on how [[Yvonne]] told her that Zayne was back to [[Linkon]] at 5am and back to work by 7. Zayne claimed it was a vacation, but MC figures he was actually in the [[Arctic]]. Zayne brushes off the question and asks for her report.

Report text:
> Dynamic Report of Heart Evol Fluctuations
> No 0327685
> Attending Doctor: Zayne
> Re-Examination Needed

Zayne asks about changes, MC says there have been none. She admits to pulling a few all-nighters due to the [[Hunter Exam]]s. As Zayne takes a closer look, she mentions how the [[Protocore fragment]]s in her heart and how it's been fourteen years.

Zayne reports that [[MC's heart]] has "Heart arrhythmia, premature ventricular contractions, heart murmurs."
* ((He could be teasing her since the first is just fast heart, rate, the second can be a heart "skipping a beat".))

After briefly discussing how MC became a hunter anyway despite the risks, Zayne gives her a candy.