# Summary
[[MC]] heads over to [[Rafayel's house (Mo Art Studio)]] to make sure [[Rafayel]] is alright. He's just fine, and already knew about the hit out on him from the [[N109 Zone]]. In a nearby restaurant, they briefly discuss what they know about the bounty, and MC asks again about the [[coral stone]].

[[Rafayel]] admits that it's from [[Lemuria]] and when used as a pigment, it can share the artist's dreams with others.

Before MC can decide what to do with this, [[Rafayel]] warns her that they're being followed, and they hatch an escape plan.

# Details
[[MC]] goes to [[Rafayel's house (Mo Art Studio)]] to check on him, finding him unmoving on the floor. Fortunately, he's just napping. While he's asleep, [[MC]] notices that the various sketches around [[Rafayel]] are labeled [[Lemuria]].

[[Rafayel]] wakes up, and it seems like a normal day to him. He claims to be hungry, and he and [[MC]] head to a restaurant. On the way over, she notes how people ogle at his poorly parked sports car, and he mentions how it's a useful distraction when he needs to slip away.

Once at the restaurant, MC correctly suggests that [[Rafayel]] already knew about the hit out on him from the [[N109 Zone]].

> Rafayel: Someone in the [[N109 Zone]] wanted me to paint a painting, but I told them no. [...] They discovered the secret message in my painting, which would lead them to their heart's desire.

MC then asks if the bounty is related to the illusion in [[Raymond's painting]].

> Rafayel: An illusion? What did you see?
> MC: I saw a young girl on the beach. She was singing a song I didn't understand... It sounded sad. Is the painting special because you used the [[coral stone]] from that day?
> Rafayel: Yup. I heard it's kinda rare. It was found near the bottom of the ocean, in a place called [[Lemuria]]. That location is brimming with rare treasures. Even a tiny bit of coral can make you feel like you're in a world of dreams. If you grind the coral stone into pigment, you can immerse the viewer in a pretty dream created by the artist.
> *He speaks of this crazy story, but his voice doesn't waver. He seems to be telling the truth. I have no choice but to hide my skepticism.*

MC tells [[Rafayel]] that she needs to get into the [[N109 Zone]]. He warns her about the danger, and she goes to leave. But he stops her by grabbing her wrist, telling her they're being followed. He hands her the napkin he's been sketching on. It has a layout of the restaurant. There's a man in a black jacket behind them, slouching to hide behind a potted plant.

> MC: We'll sneak out from the back, run through the mall, and exit on the north side. Then we'll circle around until we reach an alley behind the flower shop.

[[Rafayel]] compliments her hunting skills, and she makes a comment about knowing when to use bait.