# Summary
Still in the [[abandoned base for Protocore research]], after defeating the [[Luminivore]], Xavier confirms there are more Luminvores around. MC suspects this is a trap for [[Xavier]], then suggests they can use him as bait to lure out all the Luminivores and take them out at once. She offers her Evol by taking his hand, then he moves her hand to his chest and resonates with her. All the Luminivores are vaporized at once.

# Details
The [[Protocore]] drifts to [[Xavier]] and he crushes it in his hand, shaking his head and saying "This isn't it."
* Given Xavier's extensive experience fighting [[Wanderer]]s, and his experience with [[Protocore]]s and the human origin of [[Wanderer]]s n the future on [[Philos]], he both has little interest in the power [[Protocore]]s provide and some conflicted feelings around them. Still, once he gets used to fighting with [[MC]], he saves the Protocores for her.

When MC asks why he crushed it, he just looks confused ((as he was doing it out of habit)) and she drops it.

[[Xavier]] informs [[MC]] that they're trapped in the warehouse--and have been since they entered it. Xavier claims to have been sleeping during the [[Metaflux]] explosion. ((This is consistent with him having been there for a while, trapped and fighting Wanderers. When he stopped to sleep and recover, the explosion occurred.))

When MC notes that the [[Luminivore]]s that are in the warehouse eat light, and [[Xavier]]'s Evol is light, she wonders if this was a trap set specifically for Xavier. He insists that he's a normal hunter. ((But it's not very convincing.))

MC reasons that while the trap might be because Xavier is someone's prey, they can also use him as bait to lure out the Luminivores and take them all out.

Xavier collects the light from the room, then warns MC that if they don't take out all the Luminivores at once, they'll respawn using the light. MC offers up her Evol, taking Xavier's hand.

He asks her to forgive him, then places her hand against his chest and resonates with her. A single burst of light wipes out all the Luminivores.

