# Summary

[[Xavier]] continues to clear the forest of [[Wanderer]]s, and [[MC]] sticks around, more curious to see what [[Xavier]] is up to than eager to leave the forest. Eventually, he decides he can't keep leaving her alone in the forest. She tries to confirm his identity as potentially being her partner, but her watch isn't able to scan him.

Eventually, he divulges information about the [[Flux Nexus]] and its [[diamond pattern]]. This is close enough to what [[Tara]] said about the mysterious stele from the [[abandoned base for Protocore research]] that [[MC]] decides to trust [[Xavier]] for now, and they agree to try to leave together.

# Details

MC speculates if [[Xavier]] is her mission partner. She was told she'd be working with "the best hunter".

A [[Wanderer]]'s roar cuts through the air. Leaves rustle, and Xavier returns to the clearing. He seems surprised to find that he's gone in a circle, though he's taken care of enough Wanderers that he tells MC it's safe for her to leave.

He rushes off, then there's more roars. Within ten minutes, a beam of light comes towards MC, and then he notices he's back to the clearing.

A third time, he goes off, kills more Wanderers, then returns. He thinks better of leaving MC on the stump. Given her insistence on staying in the No-Hunt Zone, he seems to accept her as his mission partner.

MC tries to use her [[Hunter's Watch]] to confirm Xavier's identity, but it reports signal interference and fails to confirm [[Xavier]]'s identity. He asks whether his uniform isn't enough to confirm he's a hunter.

She tries to confirm his identity by asking something only a member of [[UNICORNS]] would know. He gives a fact about the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]] saying that the first [[Wanderer]] to be killed was [[Tezcatlipoca]]. ((Later, we learn that [[Xavier]] was responsible for killing [[Tezcatlipoca]] himself, while masquerading as [[Lumiere]].)) MC counters that it's widely known information.

He uses his Evol to summon a [[diamond pattern]] made of light. He wants to know if it's familiar to MC at all. She says it's not. The light flickers, like he wanted to hear something else. 

> Xavier: "Keep an eye out for any ruins. This pattern can appear on the [[Flux Nexus]]."

MC is still suspicious. Xavier tells her to forget it and think of him as a normal hunter who happened to be passing by. But MC starts to connect the description to the stele that [[Tara]] mentioned, and it's enough of a match for her to trust [[Xavier]] for now.

He suggests they get out of there and asks how her ankle is.