# Summary

After several hours of waiting, [[MC]] decides to go into [[No-Hunt Zone 7]]. Soon, she realizes she's walking in circles. She sees [[Xavier]] defeat a large [[Wanderer]] and crush its [[Protocore]] again. [[Xavier]] notices her and goes on the offensive, but once he slices her mask off and recognizes her he relaxes. MC gets her ankle caught in a snare and is pulled upside down.
# Details

After waiting several hours for her no-show partner, MC decides she can't waste time. She puts on a disposable face mask, then heads in.

MC soon realizes she's been going in circles (which we later learn is caused by the [[Metaflux]] in the forest). It's a clear, cloudless night by this point. It's a full moon.

She then notices a large, smoky-looking [[Wanderer]]. [[Xavier]] stands on an I-beam jutting from some rubble and reaches out to the Wanderer. MC wonders if he's comforting it, and then a large explosion of light from [[Xavier]]'s [[Evol]] destroys the Wanderer. Its [[Protocore]] floats down to him, and after examining it, he shakes his head and crushes it. (It's still not the one he's looking for, as in [[01-01.04 Heart Towards Resonance]].) The [[suppression collar]] appears again.

[[Xavier]] then notices [[MC]] and swoops down, putting a sword to her throat. (He doesn't recognize her due to her face mask.) After cutting the mask away, he relaxes. MC's reaction makes it clear that she didn't see him in [[01-02.13 In Hot Pursuit]] when [[Jenna]] told him to help her out.

MC's ankle gets caught in a blue glowing snare, yanking her upside down.