# Summary
The next morning, [[MC]] takes a risk by divulging that she knows about the [[Aether Core]] to [[Xavier]]. 

# Details
The next morning, [[MC]] sleeps in until 11am then goes upstairs to check on [[Xavier]]. (His apartment is 602.) A sleepy [[Xavier]] comments that she's there early.

[[Xavier]] offers beverages and breakfast. MC is eager to get to business.

> MC: You and [[Lumiere]] are definitely connected. Ever since we met, you've been constantly looking for something. You just destroy [[Protocore]]s as if they're nothing when hunters know how important they are. You can kill a [[Wanderer]] that even a grou of hunters would struggle against. Not to mention, the "gossip" you heard about the [[N109 Zone]] is more in-depth than the info in the Association's databases. At the abandoned research base and in [[No-Hunt Zone 7]]... maybe your goal aligns with mine as well as [[Onychinus]]'s.
> 
> *Xavier looks at me quietly, then flashes a faint smile.*
> 
> Xavier: So are you here to confirm my connection to [[Lumiere]] or are you here for something in the [[N109 Zone]]?
> 
> MC: It doesn't matter. I'm just gathering information in a roundabout way. I'd really appreciate it if you could give me some ideas.
> 
> *Xavier lowers his gaze, seemingly lost in thought as he stares at his slippers. Then he breaks the silence with a question.*
> 
> Xavier: The [[Protocore]] we found in the no-hunt zone had a red [[Protocurve]]. Do you know why?
> 
> *The air seems to freeze for a moment. I feel like I've grasped the unspoken meaning behind his words. He'll only reveal his cards when he's certain I'm on the same page as him. I take a deep breath and say...*
> 
> MC: It's an [[Aether Core]], right?

End scene.