# Summary

[[Caleb]] is established as a protective figure, though still with levity and humor in his relationship with [[MC]].

[[MC]] heads out on her own, following the fluctuations to a suspicious man in a baseball cap who injures her with his [[Evol]] before disappearing into an alley.  When she can't find clues of him, she decides to keep what she saw to herself--though Caleb sees through her lie and is keen on dealing with her attacker.

← [[01-04.01 Family]] | [[01-04.03 Within Reach]] →
# Details

[[MC]] gives [[Caleb]] a hard time about tagging along: "Caleb... what kind of hunter lets their childhood friend tag along to work with them?"
* ((In other localizations, this is "brother", not "childhood friend"))

Caleb insists he's just going to the store for ingredients, "some vinegar and whatnot".

MC sends him off into the store, calling out that he shouldn't follow her the moment she turns around. She also demands snacks and fruit, telling him to take all the time he needs. (This establishes more of their dynamic.)

MC circles the block, sensing fluctuations that are small enough that her [[Hunter's Watch]] doesn't pick up on them. She guesses that the fluctuations are moving.

Across the street, she notices a suspicious man wearing a baseball cap ("duckbill cap") exiting an alleyway. ((See also [[duckbill cap man]].)) He hides his face from a nearby patrol drone ((likely a [[patrol robot]]?)). MC crosses the street to follow him, and he moves faster. His [[Evol]] injures her ((this is revealed to be a light blade in [[WU-06 Sealed In Dust]])), and when he threatens her, she notices his voice sounds older than he looks. He rushes into an alley, then is gone. No fluctuations remain. MC wonders if he was carrying a [[Protocore]], or if he's the source of the [[fluctuation]]s.

Caleb finds her, and she decides to head home and keep what she saw to herself, calling the fluctuations a "false alarm". Caleb notices the injury on her arm from the suspicious man's Evol. MC lies that it's from a stray cat.

Caleb: "Get scratched by another stray cat, huh? I think maybe I should go find that cat so I can avenge you."
* ((Key foreshadowing of their dynamic))

Caleb walks away, while MC asks him to head back to eat since [[Grandma]] is waiting for them.
