# Summary
[[MC]] and [[Xavier]] head over to the flower shop [[Philo]] to get a fake identity for MC. MC gets the sense that the owner, [[Jeremiah]] isn't a normal person--but she doesn't yet know that he's another member of the [[Backtrackers]] mission from [[Philos]]. MC will disguise herself as a rich heiress to improve her chances of negotiating with [[Onychinus]] and making it back out of the [[N109 Zone]].

Reading between the lines shows that this is [[Jeremiah]]'s first time seeing [[MC]], because he's somewhat stunned by seeing his queen again after so long. (See also [[Queen MC]] and [[Shooting Stars]].)

← [[01-08.04 Battle - Without a Trace]] | [[01-08.06 Unconventional Advice]] →
# Details
The scene is set at [[Philo]], the flower shop, with [[Jeremiah]] locking up for the night. A beam of light bursts through the door behind him, landing next to a cluster of "wavyleaf sea lavenders" (actually [[forget-me-nots]].

This startles poor [[Jeremiah]], and he scolds [[Xavier]] for teleporting in instead of using the door. Then he sees MC, and is stunned.
* ((Being one of the [[Backtrackers]], [[Jeremiah]] has memories of the [[Queen MC]] in [[Shooting Stars]]. So, he's reacting to seeing the queen from his memories for the first time in a very long time, over 200 years.))

Xavier makes an excuse for Jeremiah's bewilderment.

> Jeremiah: Ah! Long time no... I mean, welcome to Philo.

Jeremiah quickly starts talking business, indicating he's not just a regular florist. [[Xavier]] asks if he has any unused identities left in the vault, specifically one that will help MC get into the [[N109 Zone]].

MC is surprised that [[Xavier]] is willing to help her. Xavier replies that since laws are irrelevant in the [[N109 Zone]], reputation is what matters. If they can get her an identity with a sufficiently intimidating impression, she'll have a better chance.

In order to have leverage for the auction, MC asks for an identity that can negotiate with [[Onychinus]]. Xavier translates this into "disgustingly rich".

[[Jeremiah]] creates an identity for the heiress to a mysterious crime syndicate, using MC's own last name (i.e. the player-chosen surname). He'll seed it onto the [[dark web]] so it'll convince even pros.

Jeremiah makes a comment about the importance of warddrobe, and as he uses his hands to estimate MC's measurements, Xavier turns and sprays the water he was using on the plants at Jeremiah, saying "She can do it herself." ((An early hint at how possessive Xavier can be.))