# Summary
[[MC]] goes through her final preparations for [[Hunting Day]]. Once she's ready, she calls on [[Rafayel]] to met her at [[The Nest]]. He guides her through making her offer--she signals to [[The Nest]]'s brokers that she has an [[Aether Core]], and by drinking from a black shot glass, she seals the deal, confirming she's willing to use her life as collateral if she can't produce the promised item.

Now that her deal is sealed, [[Rafayel]] says he hopes she finds the answers she's looking for and leaves.

# Details
Now that it's the morning of [[Hunting Day]], MC recaps what she knows about the [[Aether Core]] and the [[Protocore auction]], including voice lines from [[Zayne]], [[Xavier]], and [[Rafayel]].

Zayne:
> Perhaps they don't want anyone else to get their hands on it, as they try to obtain one for themselves. Or there are [[Aether Core]]s already in their possession.
> -- [[01-05.09 Snowy Mountain]]

Xavier:
> That's why they're selling a high-grade Protocore at the auction. It will go to the highest bidder. [...] Laws don't exist in the N109 Zone, but knowing the right people can come in handy. If your reputation is good enough, even the ones who want to mess with you will think twice.
> -- [[01-08.03 Luminous Veil]], [[01-08.05 Philo]]

> MC: I've confirmed the location of the [[Aether Core]], and I have a fake identity that can keep me alive. Now I need to figure out how to get into the [[N109 Zone]].

Rafayel:
> Why not come up with the master plan? Become the best bait for Onychinus. Maybe a small opening is all it'll take to get them to expose themselves.
> -- [[01-07.04 Under The Waves]]

The folder has the following text:
> To be the "Bait" that is the most valuable, and the most undefended.

MC dials [[Rafayel]] and asks him to join her at [[The Nest]] and teach her how to fish.

The scene changes to [[The Nest]]. It's [[Hunting Day]]. While waiting to meet [[Rafayel]], MC is approached by a [[Protocore]] trader. He asks for a [[Narcissus]] as payment.

Just as MC starts to respond with demanding questions, [[Rafayel]] steps in.

> Rafayel: Don'tcha think it's a little weird to do business with newcomers?
> MC: If I'm the newcomer, then you must be the veteran?
> Rafayel: You're today's shining star. The little secrets I carry aren't worth the trouble.

Rafayel instructs MC to write her "bargaining chip" on a piece of paper. She writes "[[Aether Core]]", and then the ink disappears. The waiter comes over and collects the paper. Then, they wait for a fish to bite.

Soon, the waiter brings back a small black shot glass.

> Rafayel: It's part of the process. Drink it, and you officially have a deal. [...] Think about it first. A black glass means you'll pay a high price. If it doesn't go smoothly, you'll be the payment instead.
> MC: Being the payment is still better than staying in the same place and doing nothing.

MC takes the drink.

> Rafayel: Hm. Since you've made up your mind, I won't stop you. I hope you find the answers you seek.

Rafayel leaves.

## Commentary

### Scene name
The name of this scene, "Into Deep", seems to be a play on "In Too Deep"/"Into the Deep". (If it's not a translation error.)

### Staying in the same place and doing nothing
MC ends up saying something very similar about "staying in the same place and doing nothing" in [[Midnight Stealth]] when she's trying to find [[Sylus's brooch]].

## Making a deal
Some clarity may be lost in translation here. The intended interpretation seems to be that since MC is offering an [[Aether Core]], the black glass means she's agreeing that if she can't deliver the [[Aether Core]], her life is collateral. When [[Rafayel]] says "you're willing to pay a high price", he likely means as a *seller* willing to risk her life for the deal. However, the choice of idiom makes it sound like she's willing to pay a high price as a *buyer* of the [[Aether Core]] on auction, which contradicts it being her "bargaining chip".