# Summary
[[Xavier]] leads [[MC]] to [[Azure Square]]. There, they briefly compare notes. Though neither probes the other on how they knew about [[The Nest]] or why they were there, [[Xavier]] now knows that [[MC]] is fully intending to go into the [[N109 Zone]], and [[MC]] now knows that the reason dangerous things always happen when she's around [[Xavier]] is that someone is trying to capture him.

Together, they deal with the [[patrol robot]]s following them ((the fourth of the [[traps for Xavier]])) then leave the square.

← [[01-08.02 Desecrated Soil]] | [[01-08.04 Battle - Without a Trace]] →
# Details
[[Xavier]] leads [[MC]] to [[Azure Square]]. When she presses him for detail, he confesses that he asked her to follow him without thinking once he saw her there, and that something was about to happen at [[The Nest]].

Xavier comments on her really going to the [[N109 Zone]], but neither asks how the other knew of [[The Nest]] or why they were there. Instead, [[Xavier]] cautions her that getting in to the [[N109 Zone]] is the easier part--surviving or escaping is much harder.

MC confesses she hasn't thought much about her escape plan yet. Her full focus has been on getting the [[Aether Core]] that she's now sure [[Onychinus]] has.

> Xavier: The [[Protocore auction]].
> MC: Weren't a ton of [[Onychinus]]'s Protocores destroyed by [[Lumiere]]? Why are they holding an auction?
> Xavier: It's to deal with their "partners".
> MC: ...So their business transaction was ruined.
> Xavier: Yeah. If Onychinus does nothing, those partners won't let them off so easy.
> 	((There's a localization difference here. Above is the spoken audio. The written transcript says, "If Onychinus stays quiet, those people won't let them go so easily." ))
> Xavier: That's why they're selling a high-grade [[Protocore]] at the auction. It will go to the highest bidder.
> MC: (The [[Aether Core]], huh?)

[[MC]] and [[Xavier]] then notice [[patrol robot]]s watching them. Xavier offers his wooly hat to MC as a disguise, teasing her by pulling it over her eyes.

> MC: I don't sense any [[Metaflux]], so I doubt we're dealing with [[Luminivore]]s or [[Tezcatlipoca]]s this time. The people trying to capture you finally decided to show up, huh?
> Xavier: ...
> *I always wondered why I find myself in the same situation whenever I run into Xavier. If it's not a coincidence, then there's a threat lurking around him.*
> MC: I'm always with you when they're trying to start something. Even if you want to play dumb, it's too late.
> *Xavier says nothing. Instead, he turns to look at the sprawling network of paths in Azure Square. Flying above everyone, the patrol robots, their eyes whirring, stop moving. Their focus shifts to the fountain.*

Xavier asks to borrow MC's Evol. They resonate, and Xavier creates a dazzling distraction of fireworks around the fountain. Amidst the flashing lights, he sends blades of light to cut down the dozen hovering patrol robots, ensuring that they won't be able to find him.

Together, they leave the square.

## Commentary
It's interesting to compare these details to what we later learn about [[Onychinus]]. The loss of [[Protocore]]s and this plan to make up the missing funds--these would be [[Sherman]]'s plans. [[Sylus]] has been "away" for some time now, though it's unclear exactly how long.

Given how things play out in [[02 Long Awaited Revelry]], it's possible that putting the [[Aether Core]] up for sale isn't about making back money for investors/partners at all--it could be very specifically to lure [[Sylus]] out and get him out of the way for good. They may have known that [[Sylus]] was looking for an [[Aether Core]]--but they wouldn't know that what he was really after was [[MC]] herself.