# Summary
((There's an unspecified time skip between [[01-08.01 Bonfire]] and this scene. Based on the bartender's comment in this scene, these events occur the day before [[Hunting Day]].))

In [[Xavier]]'s POV. Amidst the discovery of a new celestial body that will soon be named [[Philos]], Xavier kills one of his fellow [[Backtrackers]] who's become a monster. The same fate has already met [[Isaiah]].

At [[The Nest]], he drops off a blood-smeared [[Protocore]] as part of a brief interaction with the bartender. When he notices [[MC]] at the bar, he's surprised, and asks her to follow him as he leaves.

← [[01-08.01 Bonfire]] | [[01-08.03 Luminous Veil]] →
# Details
This scene does not include MC. It's set in a dark alley in [[Linkon]]. Electronic waste picks up an errant signal.

> Astronomy Channel: The fleet will return from the [[Deepspace Tunnel]] tonight. A recently discovered planet, alpha-P0159, is confirmed to be dead by the [[Deepspace Aviation Administration]]...
* ((The Spacepedia refers to this celestial body as a dead star, not a planet, so a nuance may be lost in translation here. See also [[Philos]].))

> ?? (([[Unnamed Backtracker]])): They say you're connected to [[Isaiah]]'s death. I never believed them. You would never attack your own comrades.
> Xavier: ...
> ??: As you can see, I'm a monster now. You don't want to end up like me, right? But sooner or later, you'll be walking down this path as well. Only she can save us. You, of all people, should know! That thing is with her! I've seen...
> *A gleaming blade rests against the man's throat. He stops talking immediately. He doesn't even dare to swallow.*
> Xavier: Until that day comes, no one should even think about getting close to her. The same goes for me.
> ??: You're still stubborn, huh? What's the point? 
> Xavier: I don't need to explain myself to traitors.
> ??: That's how you're describing us? Have you forgotten about your home? Our home? Xavier, you're the traitor!
> *On the edge of darkness, a blinding light culminates into a muffled grunt as flesh is stabbed. The collapsed figure transforms into specks of light soon corroded by black particles. They dissolve into the cracks of the road. Clink. He picks up the item and steps out of the alley, his feet crushing the messy reflections of neon light scattered on the dirty water's surface.
> Cleanup isn't necessary. Nobody would notice there being one less person of their kind. Besides, this city is riddled with filth.*

((These clues hint at [[Xavier]] as being from [[Philos]], and his journey with the [[Backtrackers]]. [[Isaiah]] and the man who dies here were both originally members of that crew. Xavier has been dealing with them as he gets the chance. The "her" is MC, as detailed in [[Shooting Stars]]. Her fate is tied to that of the planet.

Also, given that the man dissolves instead of leaving behind a corpse, and apparently drops a [[Protocore]] as he dies, this may also hint that he was turning into a [[Wanderer]].))


The scene changes to [[The Nest]].

The Astronomy Channel broadcast continues: "Without a doubt, alpha-P0159's [[Sterre Energy]] has been depleted."

Xavier arrives, using a loose, woolly hat to hide his face. He's dismissive of the broadcast. 
* ((Likely because he's all to familiar with where this discovery leads. He's from [[Philos]], after all.))

He offers the bar tender a damaged [[Protocore]], still smeared with blood. 
* ((This is implied to be "the item" from the last scene, revealing that the man [[Xavier]] killed dropped a [[Protocore]]. It's unclear if this is true of all people from [[Philos]], or if it hints at this man having started to turn into a [[Wanderer]]. The Protocore is then proof that the bounty was completed.))

> Bartender: You always take bounties but never accept the rewards. I wonder if you have a grudge against them.

The bartender asks if Xavier will join in on [[Hunting Day]] tomorrow, but he's uninterested. He asks, "Where is it?" The bartender hands over a dark envelope and a warning to watch out for wandering eyes.

Xavier reflects that there are three pairs, who likely caught his trail due to the actions in the alley. He reasons that if he makes a move here, he'll have another bounty on his head. He manifests his sword just as MC walks into the bar. He's surprised to see her.

He dismisses his sword, pulls down his hat, and leaves past her. She's surprised to see him too. He tells her to follow him.