Main Story/01-06.08 Evening Breeze.md, before:

# Summary
[[MC]] and [[Xavier]] have an ironic conversation about [[Lumiere]]. MC confesses her desire to investigate the [[N109 Zone]] and [[Xavier]] cautions her, providing specific information about how things work in the [[N109 Zone]]. She's suspicious of how he has such specific knowledge. Then, they realize they live in the same building.

← [[01-06.07 At Midnight]] | [[01-06.09 Your Distance]] →

# Details
Walking home, [[Xavier]] reads off the key info about [[Lumiere]].

> Xavier: "Only one to walk out of the [[N109 Zone]] unscathed," "Wiped out three important factions in the N109 Zone overnight"... You believe that?
> MC: I'm just curious. If he can waltz into a dangerous area like the N109 Zone and leave without a scratch, he must know a lot.
> Xavier: Even if he's in the know, he might not remember much if he has a bad memory. But the more important thing here is, are you interested in him or the N109 Zone?
> MC: I'm... did you forget what Captain [[Jenna]] said? If we want to investigate the [[modified Protocore]], we ned to look into [[Onychinus]] and the [[N109 Zone]].
> Xavier: The mission doesn't require you to go there.
> MC: I wasn't planning to. I thought I'd take a quick peek.
> Xavier: Really?

Xavier reiterates the danger of the N109 zone, cautioning MC that if she does go there, she'll need to either blend in or be very strong. Loyalties are very important, and people only help their allies. Without brute strength, blending in is easier, but is still very challenging.

> MC: How do you know all this?
> Xavier: This stuff isn't top-secret. One just needs to dig a little.
> MC: Yet no one said anything about it to me before...

As Xavier reaches the building for [[MC's apartment]] and goes to send her off, they realize they live in the same building.

Commit message:

Add Sylus's arc of Death and Rebirth and key Sylus memories/themes
Giant chaos commit because I went down some rabbit holes of Sylus lore.

Main Story/01-06.08 Evening Breeze.md, after:

# Summary
[[MC]] and [[Xavier]] have an ironic conversation about [[Lumiere]]. MC confesses her desire to investigate the [[N109 Zone]] and [[Xavier]] cautions her, providing specific information about how things work in the [[N109 Zone]]. She's suspicious of how he has such specific knowledge. Then, they realize they live in the same building.

← [[01-06.07 At Midnight]] | [[01-06.09 Your Distance]] →

# Details
Walking home, [[Xavier]] reads off the key info about [[Lumiere]].

> Xavier: "Only one to walk out of the [[N109 Zone]] unscathed," "Wiped out three important factions in the N109 Zone overnight"... You believe that?
* (("Wiped out three important factions" may be a reference to the [[2036 Disaster]], in which it was actually [[Sylus]] who devastated the three key factions that existed prior to that point.))

> MC: I'm just curious. If he can waltz into a dangerous area like the N109 Zone and leave without a scratch, he must know a lot.
> Xavier: Even if he's in the know, he might not remember much if he has a bad memory. But the more important thing here is, are you interested in him or the N109 Zone?
> MC: I'm... did you forget what Captain [[Jenna]] said? If we want to investigate the [[modified Protocore]], we ned to look into [[Onychinus]] and the [[N109 Zone]].
> Xavier: The mission doesn't require you to go there.
> MC: I wasn't planning to. I thought I'd take a quick peek.
> Xavier: Really?

Xavier reiterates the danger of the N109 zone, cautioning MC that if she does go there, she'll need to either blend in or be very strong. Loyalties are very important, and people only help their allies. Without brute strength, blending in is easier, but is still very challenging.

Notably, they walk in front of what's soon revealed to be the entrance to Xavier and [[MC's apartment]] complex. 

front of a wall that alternates wood paneling and sculpted concrete. A placard on the wall reads 391 Garden South St.

> MC: How do you know all this?
> Xavier: This stuff isn't top-secret. One just needs to dig a little.
> MC: Yet no one said anything about it to me before...

As Xavier reaches the building for [[MC's apartment]] and goes to send her off, they realize they live in the same building.
