# Summary

((Most likely occurs approximately two weeks after the events of [[01-03 Talented Hunter]]))

[[MC]] arrives at [[MC's childhood home]], greeting [[Grandma]] and finding [[Caleb]] there earlier than expected. Grandma and Caleb urge [[MC]] to stay safe in her new job as a [[Deepspace Hunter]].

A news broadcast reveals that [[Wanderer]]s have been responsible for a recent series of explosions. When MC's [[Hunter's Watch]] goes off, she excuses herself to investigate. [[Caleb]] follows.

â† [[01-04 Under Twilight]] | [[01-04.02 Interlude]] â†’

## Commentary
### Timeline
There's an unspecified time skip between the end of [[01-03 Talented Hunter]] and this scene. 

[[WU-19 Serpent's Cast]]'s establishes these events as happening within 2048 when there's "snow on the ground", making it either November or December.

Note that this appears to be a later visit than the one that Caleb and MC discuss as being at the "end of the month" in [[01-01.09 Rainfall Curtain]].

# Details

We arrive at 502 Sunset Street, [[Bloomshore District]]. (This is [[MC's childhood home]].) MC walks in and greets [[Grandma]].

Grandma: "Ah, sweetie. You haven't been visiting often since you became a hunter. Did you miss me?"
* As noted above, MC's been working as a hunter for approx 5 months at this point (see also [[Main Story Timeline Flowchart.canvas|Main Story Timeline Flowchart]])

MC smells something yummy cooking (we soon learn this is [[Caleb]]'s handiwork) and offers to make something for [[Grandma]]. [[Caleb]] emerges and teases MC about how becoming a hunter has made her more generous.

MC is surprised to see Caleb, having expected him to show up the following day.

MC inquires about [[Grandma]]'s health. She dismisses [[MC]]'s concerns, especially when MC mentions that Grandma should be hospitalized for observation, but we later learn that Grandma's health condition is quite serious and her condition was terminal at the time.

[[Caleb]] assures [[MC]] that he has everything taken care of for the family, including an application for [[Grandma]] for a long-term care ward. MC gives him a hard time for not telling her, and Grandma replies in kind--this establishes [[Caleb]]'s character as the type to do what he thinks is best without consulting the others involved (which carries through his relationship with MC later).

Grandma mentions that if she's in long-term care, MC should visit her--and see about getting lunch with [[Zayne]].

Caleb: "Even the world's busiest guy has to eat. I haven't seen him in a looong time. We should invite him over for dinner. Right?"
* (Included here as it sheds light on the dynamic between [[Caleb]], [[MC]], and [[Zayne]])

A news broadcast comes on the television:
> Voice over: There have been many explosions recently throughout Linkon City. The [[Hunters Association]] has concluded these incidents are connected to [[Wanderer]]s. So far, 22 have been wounded with no casualties. We advise all citizens to be careful when outside...

Background text: 
> An explosion occurred in an abandoned base in the western [[Linkon]]. \[sic] The area has been locked down. It is expected the explosion was caused by a [[Wanderer]]

Banner text:
> The [[International Hi-tech Expo]] will be held at [[Linkon City Convention and Exhibition Center]] at the end of this month.

Caleb asks whether MC has noticed more [[Wanderer]] activity lately. She affirms that the [[Deepspace Hunter]]s have it handled, though [[Grandma]] encourages her to be careful. (We soon learn these are the last words they share. ðŸ˜¢) [[Caleb]] is similarly concerned.

[[MC]]'s [[Hunter's Watch]] alerts her to nearby [[Wanderer]] activity, so she excuses herself to investigate outside. Caleb insists on coming along.

