# Summary
After confirming that the [[Arctic dispatch center]] was sent into disarray by the [[Wanderer]] attack, [[MC]] and [[Zayne]] accept the [[Arctic Hunter]]'s offer to loan them a [[SnowDog]] sled.

[[Zayne]]'s skillful maneuvering reveals that he's not just someone who visits here and there, and he's more like a local. They soon arrive in [[Snowcrest]], where [[Dr. Noah]]'s fox companion, [[Pie]], is there to greet them.

← [[01-05.04 Battle - Emergency Operation]] | [[01-05.06 Enigmatic Guide]] →

# Details

An [[Arctic Hunter]] thanks [[MC]] for her help, citing that Linkon hunters have more experience with crowds and evacuation. He says that [[Wanderer]]s usually keep to more remote areas, but have been attacking populated areas recently. He has a guess as to why, but stops himself from saying anything--it's likely classified. He also confirms that the [[Arctic dispatch center]] was attacked, and trains will be canceled for a while. As [[MC]] had hoped, he offers to loan them a transport vehicle--a [[SnowDog]] sled.

Perhaps intimidated by the unfamiliar vehicle, MC hesitates, acknowledging that [[Zayne]] was right that they won't be able to get to [[Snowcrest]] before it gets too dark. [[Zayne]], however, is confident--he's used these sleds before. MC briefly believes they're actual dogs (due to the highly realistic fur) and is surprised when the robotic dogs announce their available functions.

Wasting no time, Zayne leads them out into the snow. They arrive in [[Snowcrest]] soon after. MC notes that [[Zayne]] maneuvers the sled like a local--he's not someone who just "helped out a few times a year."

[[Dr. Noah]] was too busy to pick them up in person, but he sends [[Pie]], the fluffy arctic fox to greet them.
