# Summary
[[Xavier]] confirms that the [[modified Protocore]] they found in [[No-Hunt Zone 7]], as well as the [[Protocore]] he destroyed in the [[abandoned base for Protocore research]], were both modified with an [[Aether Core]].

Therefore, [[Onychinus]] must have access to an [[Aether Core]]. The [[Hunters Association]] is still in the dark, though. [[Xavier]] grants [[MC]] his access credentials for 24 hours, so she can at least get all the Association has to offer.

← [[01-06.10 First Visit]] | [[01-06.12 Battle - Mirrorbreak Echoes - Challenge]] →
# Details

Continued from [[01-06.10 First Visit]]:

> *Hearing the words "[[Aether Core]]", [[Xavier]]'s eyes widen, a hint of indiscernable emotion appearing. Yet he soon returns to being nonchalant.*
> Xavier: Yes. The modified [[Protocore]]s in the abandoned research base (([[abandoned base for Protocore research]])) and [[No-Hunt Zone 7]] possess energy derived from an [[Aether Core]].
> MC: How can the [[Hunters Association]] not be aware of them?
> *He thinks for a moment before shaking his head.*
> Xavier: They aren't for now. The [[Hunters Association]] only knows it holds powerful energy, but they don't have the means to analyze it. They won't be making any progress on that front for a while.
> MC: Why didn't you tell them?
> Xavier: You didn't tell them either, right?
> *He remains calm as he avoids answering my question.*
> Xavier: Everyone has secrets and their reasons for doing things. Regardless, I won't be your enemy. And it appears you have more secrets than me.
> *Nervous, I avert my gaze.*
> Xavier: The reason you want to investigate the [[N109 Zone]] is because of your family. Am I wrong?
> MC: ... You also heard about it.
> *I take a deep breath and look into his eyes.*
> MC: The secrets surrounding the [[Aether Core]] can explain what happened to me and them. But since we both want to look into this, even if you aren't my enemy now, you might be later.
> *Distressed, Xavier furrows his brow. I silently apologize to him in my heart. Suddenly, he grabs my arm and the user interface for the [[Hunter's Watch]] appears.*
> Hunter's Watch: Xavier has requested to synchronize access privileges. Accept?
> *Before I can react, Xavier accepts the request on my watch.*
> Hunter's Watch: Synchronizing access privileges... Please wait. Synchronization complete. Your current access privileges are at the highest level. You can use the best training grounds available, use the S-Rank database, and request weapons from Armory 0001-0005...
> *I'm stunned. With an air of serenity, Xavier smiles at me.*
> Xavier: Now do you trust me?

Xavier informs MC that the privileges expire in 24 hours. MC thanks Xavier, then hurries to go access the database. On her way out, she notes that Xavier is burning something in the kitchen.