# Summary

As they wait for the train, [[MC]] and [[Zayne]] briefly discuss the [[Aether Core]] and [[MC's heart]]. [[Zayne]] assures [[MC]] that the influence of the [[Aether Core]] has been mostly positive, and can protect her heart. It's "a power made just for you."

An announcement informs them that the train is delayed until the next day, while a group of [[Arctic Hunter]]s heads by, ready for battle. [[MC]] decides to go help out--and hopefully take advantage of any specialized transportation that the [[Arctic Team]] may have access to.

# Details
As [[MC]] and [[Zayne]] wait to see if the [[Boreas Express]] will run again, more and more of their fellow passengers give up.

Zayne catches MC reflecting on [[Josephine's notes]].

MC: I'm thinking about what an [[Aether Core]] is, and why it was fused with my heart. What if I'm a dangerous experiment that escaped from a secret lab? Maybe armed men in suits will appear to take me away in a few seconds.

Zayne suggests she'll get answers in [[Snowcrest]].

Zayne: The [[Protocore]] energy in your heart has always been stable. It can form an invisible shield to protect your heart when you're attacked. You also haven't become as weak as other patients with [[Protocore Syndrome]]. In other words, it's a power made just for you.

MC: It was made just for me?

Zayne: You won't have to worry about it anytime soon. You'll live a long time, long enough to find out the truth.

A train announcement says that the train will be delayed until 11:30am the following day. Zayne is unsurprised, saying they'll have to spend the night in a hotel near the station.

At that time, a group of [[Arctic Hunter]]s heads by with their [[Evol Railgun]]s charged and ready to go. MC guesses that the delay is due to [[Wanderer]] activity. She also realizes that the [[Arctic Hunter]]s will have a way to travel, no matter how bad the weather is. So, she chases after them to help out.