# Summary
MC awakens to the warmth of a campfire. [[Rafayel]] hints at something important in the past that MC has forgotten, but then brushes it off. Now that their mission is complete, he's ready to give her the information on the [[N109 Zone]]. She gets an invitation to [[The Nest]], as well as a warning from Rafayel. He hints that he knows more about her plan than he's let on, referencing the high price that will be demanded for information about mysterious [[Protocore]]s.

← [[01-08 Galactic Sunset]] | [[01-08.02 Desecrated Soil]] →
# Details
[[MC]] wakes in the evening next to a campfire that [[Rafayel]] is tending.

> Rafayel: The line between being kind and being dumb is very thin. A small, smart fish swims away while it still can when the big fish are hunting.
* ((This seems to be Rafayel's response to MC swimming towards him in [[01-07.11 Indomitable Spirit]]))

> MC: You're the idiot. The whirlpool was obviously a death trap, but you just swam right into it...

Rafayel offers his jacket that's been drying by the fire, and MC thanks him for fishing her out of the water. The cat is still keeping watch over them. MC teases Rafayel for his fear.

> Rafayel: Well, animals that are fond of humans usually have a tragic end. One moment you're cute and cuddly, the next they toss you aside. You're forgotten.
* ((This is also Rafayel commenting on MC's amnesia, and the way that their bond works with him as a [[Lemurian]]. Lemurians were often treated as pets.))

> MC: Look. It's saying, "Not all humans are like that."
> 
> Rafayel: ((Pointedly)) And you? Wasn't there something important you forgot about?

Regardless of the dialogue option chosen, Rafayel brushes it aside. He mentions they'll have plenty more chances to get [[coral stone]]s, but they got lucky with the [[Deluge Wyrmlord]]. He shows her a diamond-shaped [[Protocore]] in a glass jar. She's surprised he could find it. She reaches for it, but he yanks it away, saying it's his. He gives her a dark envelope as "payment" for her services instead--i.e. help getting into the [[N109 Zone]]. 

> Invitation: the nest
> [[Hunting Day]]
> The 3rd Sunday of this Month
> Wish you have a pleasant time here
> Good luck

Rafayel confirms this is where MC can get her intel. She asks why he knows about it, and what he's looked for in the past. He makes a comment about [[poisonous sap]]. He suggests she disguise herself and not appear as a hunter.

MC says she'll be careful, but [[Rafayel]] cautions her. With a conspiratorial look, she says they'll charge a high price for obscure information, especially stuff involving mysterious [[Protocore]]s.

MC is surprised he knows that much. Lights approach on the water, and they prepare to hail a ship to take them off the island.

