# Summary
MC gets acquainted with the [[Hunters Association]] headquarters and meets [[Nero]] from [[Data Analysis]] who is an expert on rare hunters. He gets a sketch of [[the giant red eye]] she saw, before [[Jenna]] arrives to send MC off for her first mission. MC gets her [[270HM]].

# Details

[[MC]] returns to the [[Hunters Association]] headquarters for her first full day of work. We get more details about the [[Hunters Association]] headquarters and her [[Hunter's Watch]].

The [[OTTO]]-CSE bot scans her watch's data and determines she had less than 4 hours of sleep the night before of extremely poor quality, and offers her a pill, "Draumril".

MC reflects on the appearance of [[the giant red eye]] the night before, and how it kept her awake.

"I thought Wanderers had appeared, so I rushed out of my home. Despite scanning the nearby area, I didn't find any abnormal traces of energy fluctuations."

The [[OTTO]]-CSE bot continues to introduce the office area, explaining that the [[Alpha Team]] is located on the third floor of the building and next to the [[Movere Bridge]] to ensure that hunters can get anywhere in the city quickly.

[[Nero]] notices [[MC]] as a newbie from behind his fortress of old-school monitors, which he uses to avoid small talk. He has many notes of Wanderers and their abilities, including a [[Luminivore]], which [[MC]] recognizes as a rare [[Wanderer]] (alongside all the others in Nero's notes).

MC decides to ask him about the eye, specifically whether there's a [[Wanderer]] that can disappear or turn invisible in a split second. He eagerly asks her to draw it, offering her a [[Braimago]] to do so. Nero takes the drawing to do further research.

[[Jenna]] arrives, sending [[Nero]] back to the 5th floor and [[Data Analysis]] sector, where he belongs. She informs MC that the Advanced Tech Labs rate the difficulty of missions, then the [[Alpha Team]] members are allowed to pick and choose from there. Right on time, a mission prompt comes through. Jenna informs MC of the [[270HM]] motorcycle already parked by the [[Movere Bridge]] for MC.