# Summary
[[MC]] is suspicious of [[Raymond's painting]], and after resonating with it she has a vision of a girl on the shore who's both laughing and crying, as well as a beautiful lament. (We later learn/infer that this is a [[Lemurian]] song.) Zayne brings her back from the vision, and MC calls for special treatment of the suspicious painting.

← [[01-02.04 Battle - Glowing Frost]] | [[01-02.06 Next Target]] →
# Details
With the [[Wanderer]] taken care of, [[Zayne]] examines [[Raymond]], finding him unconscious but vitals are appropriate. When summoning the rescue helicopter, Zayne describes the cause of Raymond's condition as shock due to the Wanderer appearance.

MC uses her [[Hunter's Watch]] to scan the room: "[[Intelligentia Type]], estimated threat level to be at least B. Had yet to form a [[Protocore]]."

Though MC detects no additional [[Metaflux]] and the mission is considered complete, she's suspicious of [[Raymond's painting]]. The scan comes back clean.

When MC attempts to resonate with the painting, she has a vision of standing in the ocean. A girl is by the shore, seeming to both laugh and cry, and she hears a sad lament.

Zayne finds her in a daze and tells her to snap out of it, bringing her back. He's been trying to break her out of the trance with ice to the neck.

MC internal monologue: "A [[Metaflux]]-infused painting causing hallucinations..."
* Even though the scanner doesn't pick anything up, that's because there aren't active fluctuations
* MC is also able to resonate with smaller traces of [[Metaflux]] than the watch can detect

She wonders if the painting was the Wanderer's hiding place and if it's why Raymond was acting strange.

Zayne departs on the helicopter with Raymond. MC calls in for special treatment for the  oil painting.