# Summary
The day after returning to [[Linkon]], [[MC]] is hitting access limits in the [[Hunters Association]] database when she tries to investigate [[Onychinus]] and the [[N109 Zone]].

[[Tara]] offers some valuable gossip--last month, someone just bought a bunch of [[Protocore]]s off the [[Black Market]], preventing others in the [[N109 Zone]] from being able to use them. [[Nero]] chimes in that [[Lumiere]] must be responsible, and was supposedly seen destroying [[Protocore]]s on an [[N109 Zone]] skyscraper right after.

This gives [[MC]] the idea that finding [[Lumiere]] might be her ticket into the [[N109 Zone]]...

← [[01-06 Endless Night]] | [[01-06.02 Late Night Encounter]] →
# Details

The day after returning to [[Linkon]], [[MC]] requested access to all [[Hunters Association]] databases. However, when she tries to search for [[Onychinus]], nothing comes up.

The [[N109 Zone]] search yields more info, including that a [[Protofield]] has engulfed it, isolating it from the outside world. But otherwise, it's just a lot of vague information that won't be helpful.

[[Tara]] arrives to ask about [[Snowcrest]], and actually has a bit of intel.

> Tara: About a month ago, not long after our last mission ended, there was quite a spectacle in the N109 Zone. Numerous deals were being made on the [[Black Market]]. A whole bunch of [[Protocore]]s were all cleaned out without a trace. And you know how the [[Black Market]] runs--weapon augmentation, human experiments, medical research. They rely on [[Protocore]]s.
> 
> MC: Who did it?
> 
> Tara: No one knows, but according to the rumors--
> 
> [[Nero]]: It's [[Lumiere]].

Nero gushes about [[Lumiere]], saying he's the only one that could get in and out of the [[N109 Zone]] so easily. He also says that Lumiere was the first person to successfully kill a [[Wanderer]].

MC reflects, remembering her own encounter with [[Lumiere]] during the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]], when a beam of light saved her life.

Still, she's skeptical that Lumiere, who is now an urban legend, is behind this. But Nero is sure.

> Nero: I heard that after he left the [[Black Market]], he was on one of [[N109 Zone]]'s skyscrapers, destroying [[Protocore]]s like he was setting off fireworks. Only he would be bold enough to provoke everyone in the N109 zone.

MC notes that destroying protocores reminds her of someone. ((Xavier.))

Tara jokes that if they could only find [[Lumiere]], then the [[Hunters Association]] could have control over the [[N109 Zone]] again. This gives MC an idea...

## Commentary
When [[Xavier]] is trying to prove his identity as a hunter to [[MC]] in [[01-03.04 Maze]], he mentions that the first [[Wanderer]] to die was the [[Tezcatlipoca]]. The significance is that Xavier himself was the one to kill the [[Wanderer]], so it foreshadows [[Xavier]]'s identity as [[Lumiere]].