# Summary

[[MC]], [[Jenna]], and [[Xavier]] discuss key information about the [[modified Protocore]] and [[Onychinus]]. Most importantly, this [[Protocore]]'s modified [[Protocurve]] is unlike anything the [[Hunters Association]] has seen before. ((Later, we'll learn this is due to [[Ever]]'s involvement.))

# Details

MC notes that Jenna only barely looks tired from her all-nighter. Jenna references "the fluctuations from last night". ((This strongly implies that the events of [[01-03.01 Order No. 85]] directly follow [[01-02.13 In Hot Pursuit]]))

Jenna shares the data from the [[modified Protocore]] they brought back.

Narration: "Like a planet, the Protocore rotates slowly, enveloped by blue and red [[Protocurves]]."

Jenna: "The blue line is the [[Protocore]]'s original [[Protocurve]]. The red one shows it's been modified."

They try to determine the protocore type, but nothing matches its curve in the database. Jenna affirms they've never seen anything like it. Notably, the red line (modified curve) keeps changing and flickering in an unsettling way.

Jenna confirms that she also believes the source to be [[Onychinus]]. She asks MC for her help using her Evol to better understand the [[modified Protocore]].

MC asks questions:
* Have there been other modified protocores? Yes, but they were much more crude. They couldn't cause more than minor damage. This time is different. The abnormal Protocurve is beyond their current understanding of Protocores.
	* ((Later, we learn that this is because [[Ever]] is now involved, via [[Sherman]]. So, they're using much more sophisticated tech.))
* Why does Onychinus modify protocores?
	* The benefits of Protocores are useful, but the reason to modify them is still unknown.
	* Jenna: "We speculate it's not about money, given [[Sylus]]'s track record." ((This is the first mention of Sylus's name.))

Jenna tells MC to carefully consider whether she wants to join this mission, then tells her to take the next two days off since they've been so busy.



