# Summary

# Details
The pursuer quickly find themselves in MC's and Rafayel's trap. They quickly learn that their sketchy pursuer is just a journalist trying to get a scoop--Joe from [[Weekly Arts]].

[[Rafayel]] finds a hidden camera on Joe's button and destroys it with his flame [[Evol]].

Panicking, Joe claims that the only reason he's following [[Rafayel]] is because [[Raymond]] is now dead. ((It's been almost 7 months since [[MC]] met [[Raymond]] in [[01-02 The First Mission]].)) Joe reports that [[Raymond]] died last night. ((This is the same time as the [[Wanderer]] attacks on the trains, see also [[01-06.05 Battle - Tezcatlipoca]].))

> Joe: He died last night! Drowned in his bathtub. No one knew until the next day. When the butler found him, it was already too late.
> MC: (Was [[Raymond]] attacked by [[Wanderer]]s? No... They should be long gone by now.)
> Joe: The police already searched his home and looked through the surveillance tapes. They found nothing, not even another person walking into his room. But--
> MC: Cut to the chase:
> Joe: The picture painted by [[Rafayel]] had vanished from his collection room. I've heard the rumors. Some say that before he died, he made a bunch of cuts into his arms and legs. His skin looked like a bunch of fish scales. It's awful, if I do say so myself. And the moment a rick guy is dead, the police are quick to cover it up. They're scared a secret will be revealed, one that'll cost them their jobs... But there's no such thing as a secret that can't be hidden. Mr Rafayel, are you sure you didn't have a hand in his death? Can your paintings actually manipulate people?
> Rafayel: Even if they did, I wouldn't tell you. Also, you said he died last night. I was in my studio during that time and didn't go anywhere. Any. Where. But i do agree it's a tragedy.

[[Rafayel]] then threatens Joe, and says he'll launch a complaint to [[Weekly Arts]] about his stalking behavior--so Joe had better investigate who's trying to cover up this information.