# Summary
[[MC]] is sent to investigate an abnormal [[Metaflux]] explosion at an [[abandoned base for Protocore research]]. She quickly runs into [[Tara]] and they agree to work together. (Other unnamed hunters are present elsewhere.) MC goes inside, while Tara scouts the perimeter. MC quickly finds [[Xavier]] (though she doesn't know his name yet) sleeping. (This is so he can recover after fighting the other Wanderers.) She goes to call for backup, but he wakes and stops her. A [[Wanderer]] appears, we see [[Xavier]]'s [[suppression collar]] for the first time, and they go together into the Wanderer's [[Protofield]]

# Details

[[Jenna]]: "Rookies, this is [[Jenna]] speaking. I'm your [[UNICORNS]] Captain today. Ten minutes ago, there was an abnormal [[Metaflux]] explosion at this [[abandoned base for Protocore research]]."

[[MC]]'s [[Resonance Evol]] is even better than the detector at picking up on [[Metaflux]] fluctuations.

[[Tara]] mentions that her tarot reading from yesterday said she'd be super lucky.

A [[Hunter's Watch]] alert appears:
> [[Wanderer]] detected. Accept the mission?
> ??? Threat Level/ C-B
> Wanderer Intro/information
	 Wanderer info unknown

[[Tara]] suggests that the fluctuation matches the power level of the [[Wanderer]] (no higher than B), but [[MC]] counters that fluctuations don't have set levels. (It's unclear whether this is a rookie mistake on Tara's part, or MC's Evol gives her a better understanding than other hunters generally have.)

MC and Tara decide to split up to cover more area. MC goes inside the abandoned base, while Tara scouts the perimeter to see how far the fluctuations go.

MC sees evidence of the [[Metaflux]] explosion (Bluish streaks with shimmering light on pillars in the base), but determines that it should indicate a greater danger level than just C-B Wanderers.

MC hears a noise and heads further in, then finds a mysterious man ([[Xavier]]) sleeping in a beam of light against a piece of concrete rubble. He's identifiable as a [[Deepspace Hunter]] by his uniform. He has similar traces of Metaflux on him as were on the pillars.

MC goes to call for backup, but he stops her and asks who she is. A moment later, a [[Wanderer]] appears and [[Xavier]] cuts it down with his sword. As he does so, a [[suppression collar]] appears at his neck, causing him to wince.

The [[Wanderer]] summons its [[Protofield]] and [[Xavier]], recognizing [[MC]] as a hunter, asks her to enter with him. ([[Hunters Association]] rules require there to be two hunters when entering protofields for safety reasons.)