# Summary
After defeating the [[Deluge Wyrmlord]], [[MC]] is cast into the waves. [[Rafayel]], not acting like his usual self, appears to be conversing with the [[Wanderer]]. [[MC]] tries to swim closer to help him, despite his warning. 

[[MC]] has a flashback to the [[forgotten promise to Rafayel]], seeing a pinky promise between their two hands and hearing Rafayel's voice say that if she doesn't return, he'll chase her to the ends of the earth. 

Then, she starts to drown. Calling out to him, she says *don't go*, which causes the [[glowing red fish symbol]] (see also [[tiny red fish]]) to appear over his heart. He acknowledges her choice, shifting into his [[Lemurian]] form to save her.

# Details
As [[MC]] and [[Rafayel]] exit the [[Deluge Wyrmlord]]'s [[Protofield]], it appears that they're standing in the middle of the ocean. ((In [[Forgotten Sea]], we learn that [[Rafayel]]'s [[Sea God]] powers include being able to walk on top of the ocean and sharing this ability with others.)) [[MC]] is quickly swept beneath the waves.

[[MC]] tries to swim towards the surface. She sees [[Rafayel]] floating under the waves, surrounded in a ring of glowing blue fish, just below the glowing blue orb of a [[Protofield]] portal. Rafayel can speak normally underwater.

> Rafayel: Stay back. Otherwise... I can't guarantee your safety.

MC swims closer anyway. 

> Rafayel: Not your concern. 

Her vision whites out.

Then, there's a flashback:

> Rafayel: It's settled then. If you don't return, I'll... I'll chase you to the ends of the Earth.
* The background picture of a pinky promise appears to be between two children, and the additional details in [[03-B Land of Secret Flames - 10]] indicate that MC hears a child-like voice.
* See also [[forgotten promise to Rafayel]]

[[Rafayel]] starts to move away. [[MC]] thinks, (Don't go). The [[glowing red fish symbol]] over Rafayel's heart appears then, visible through his white shirt. He clutches his chest as if in pain. Then, he quickly turns back and scoops up MC.

> Rafayel: You forgot everything. Yet, you still insist... All right... This is your choice.

Blue light swirls around Rafayel, revealing the glowing blue scales at his neck. As he swims upward, his full silhouette is revealed--including a long fish tail. A school of fish swirls down beneath him.

# Commentary
I'll be coming back to this chapter after reviewing more of [[Rafayel]]'s lore. The [[tiny red fish]] is a key part of his relationship with MC. During this chapter, he seems to potentially be channeling the [[Sea God]] (as happens later in his Prologue to Tomorrow chapter, citation #todo) which explains his momentary disregard for MC.

Based on what he says and the order of events, it seems that MC is subconsciously pulling on the bond between them as part of experiencing her flashback, even though she's forgotten her earlier promise to [[Rafayel]]. "This is your choice" will be interesting to dig into--what is the full significance?