# Summary
MC also learns more about [[Raymond's painting]], then meets with Thomas. He insists there's been no sign of Wanderer activity around the painting. MC follows a small [[Metaflux]] [[fluctuation]] to some suspicious red [[coral stone]]s, which Thomas agrees to let her take to Rafayel. He gives her instructions to [[Rafayel's house (Mo Art Studio)]] in [[Whitesand Bay]].

← [[01-02.06 Next Target]] | [[01-02.08 Studio Encounter]] →
# Details
The [[Rafayel]] AI shows MC around, and she arrives at an empty space where [[Raymond's painting]] had been before he bought it. The AI activates a hologram to "recreate" the painting, but MC notices it's not quite the same.

Thomas arrives and guides MC back to his office. She fills him in. He's worried by the report of the painting's effects, and MC elaborates that she's concerned that the Wanderer could have come from the painting itself, the studio, Rafayel himself, or even the gallery--so there's danger until it's investigated.

Thomas elaborates: Raymond had visited last month and was smitten with the painting. Thomas insists that many people were in contact with the painting and didn't have any issues. When MC presses about it causing hallucinations, Thomas takes it as a compliment that the art is effective.

Thomas complains about Rafayel using Wanderer sightings as an excuse and asks MC to go check on him.

MC notices a small [[Metaflux]] [[fluctuation]], which leads her to a display case with some suspicious [[coral stone]]s. She asks to take them with her, and Thomas agrees.

He points out the window to a view of [[Whitesand Bay]] and [[Rafayel's house (Mo Art Studio)]], and tells MC she can walk right in.