# Summary
The [[Hunters Association]] President addresses the new recruits who have recently passed the [[Hunter Exam]]. [[MC]] meets [[Tara]], a fellow new recruit. After a brief conversation with the President where it's revealed that [[MC]] has the [[Resonance Evol]] (in the [[Anhaunsen Class]]), that her [[Evol]] level is unstable, and she was attacked by a [[Wanderer]] in the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]] fourteen years ago. MC receives her badge.

# Details

President:
> "Fourteen years ago, the [[Deepspace Tunnel]] appeared above [[Linkon]]. It led to anomalous geomagnetic storms, and the creatures known as [[Wanderer]]s emerged. From such an event, the [[Deepspace Hunter]] was born."

> "Our goal as hunters is to extract the [[Protocore]]s from [[Wanderer]]s--in hopes of destroying them once and for all!"

The ceremony will determine the squad and therefore role of each candidate.

When [[MC]] scans her hand to access her info, the following is shown:
> Hunter number 574467
> [Player name]
> [Player birth date]
> Level ?
> Anhaunsen Class, Resonance
> UNICORNS

President: 
> "Ah, [[Anhaunsen Class]]... It's been a while since I've seen this [[Evol]]. You have a lot of potential for growth and might even acquire new abilities. I can see why [[Jenna]] picked you as soon as the rookie list was released to the public."

[[MC]]'s power level cannot be determined, and the President is somewhat surprised.

> MC: "Sir, that's likely because a [[Wanderer]] attacked me fourteen years ago. And ever since, my [[Evol]] level hasn't been stable."
* She's referring to the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]]
* Her [[Evol]] level may have been unstable before--she was being experimented on right up until the catastrophe

President affirms that [[MC]] isn't the first whose [[Evol]] level couldn't be detected.

[[MC]] receives her [[Deepspace Hunter]] badge.



