# Summary
As the sun rises, [[MC]] presses [[Xavier]] again on his mysterious background, to no avail. He coaches her on how to act in the [[N109 Zone]]. [[Jeremiah]] finishes her identity.

← [[01-08.05 Philo]] | [[01-08.07 Stellar Guidance]] →
## Commentary
It's interesting to see how this conversation with [[Xavier]] somewhat primes [[MC]] to act the way she does towards [[Sylus]]. And it's this very boldness that endears her to [[Sylus]] again. It's too far to say she only acts that way because of what [[Xavier]] said, as she's a consistently brave and bold character, but it's an interesting connection.
# Details
As the sun rises, [[MC]] correctly guesses that [[Xavier]] has been working on this plan to help her into the [[N109 Zone]] for a while, and coming to [[Philo]] was not spur-of-the-moment.

MC presses on how [[Xavier]] knows someone like [[Jeremiah]], but he insists he's just a "normal [[Deepspace Hunter]]".

MC isn't having any of it, and threatens Xavier with his own spray bottle. He changes the subject to how she'll need to be way more intimidating than this if she wants to survive the [[N109 Zone]]. He coaches her on how to act, especially to not say thank you or apologize. If she's questioned or someone doubts her? Return the favor.

MC tests out her new attitude, telling Xavier to sit down. He does, but grabs her wrist and pulls her close. Xavier additionally warns her not to provoke people who've yet to show their hand.

It's a romantic enough moment that when [[Jeremiah]] pops in with an update, he immediately turns around and leaves again, trying to give them time alone. But Xavier tells him to come back.

