# Summary
[[MC]] overhears a key conversation between [[Raymond]] and [[Zayne]] about [[Xander Sciences]]--Raymond is trying to recruit Zayne. Zayne leaves the room and chats briefly with MC, but a [[Metaflux]] [[fluctuation]] back in the collection room leads them back to [[Raymond]] right away. MC kicks down the door and they find [[Raymond]] unconscious on the floor, as well as a [[Wanderer]] ready to attack.

← [[01-02.02 Close Encounter]] | [[01-02.04 Battle - Glowing Frost]] →
# Details
MC finds no traces of [[Metaflux]] around [[Raymond's Lemurian skeleton]], then heads upstairs. She overhears a conversation between [[Raymond]] and [[Zayne]]:

> Raymond: I've invited you to my home several times before... You only visit when I'm not feeling well... Dr. Zayne, I wonder if you see me as a patient or just a subject for observation.
> 
> Zayne: According to the Akso remote monitor, your vital sign data has improved. The equipment also determined your age to be far younger than it actually is.
> 
> Raymond: Aren't you curious about why I haven't died yet?
> 
> Zayne: I'll admit I was for a time. However, it was nothing more than that.
> 
> Raymond: [Laughs] ... Your colleague praised you, saying there are things only the two of you can do. I'm very curious now. [[Xander Sciences]] will provide you with the best staff, the best lab... and even the best treatment. Dr. Zayne, what you perceive as the limit of your talent is just another beginning in your career.
> 
> Zayne: When you reach the finish line, I'll be right there cheering for you.
* "Your colleague" is Dr. [[Carter]]
* "What you perceive as the limit of your talent" refers to when patients die despite Zayne's best efforts (just like how [[Raymond]] himself would have died without the mysterious intervention)

Zayne catches her eavesdropping and affirms he has no intention of taking up Raymond on his offer. Then, MC senses [[Metaflux]]. She follows a [[Resonance Trail]] up to the collection room. In the last few steps, the [[Hunter's Watch]] also picks up on the fluctuations.

Metaflux accumulates rapidly behind the door, so MC kicks it down. They find [[Raymond]] unconscious on the floor. Lights flicker and MC senses an invisible pressure, meaning the [[Wanderer]] is on the move.

MC tells Zayne to help Raymond, but as the Wanderer appears and Zayne sends an icicle at it, he insists on joining her in the fight.




