# Summary

TRAUMA.

[[MC]] informs [[Caleb]] that she's a grown-up and doesn't need him to protect her anymore. A bit hurt, he tells her to deal with the blood on her sleeve (caused by the suspicious man in [[01-04.02 Interlude]]) before coming inside, because he won't cover for her anymore.

This delay is the only reason that [[MC]] isn't caught in the explosion that kills [[Grandma]] and causes [[Caleb]] to be presumed dead. (See also [[Bloomshore District explosion]].)

MC crawls forward to recover [[Caleb's necklace]] before passing out.

# Details
Transcribing this convo for REASONS.

> MC: Caleb, I was telling the truth. It was just an accident. You and Grandma have enough to deal with...
> 
> Caleb: I understand you wanna hide it from Gran. We've caused her enough trouble since she brought us up together. Now that she's older, it wouldn't be a good idea to make her anxious. But why do you have to hide it from me? Can't you trust me now that we're all grown-up?
> 
> MC: I don't want you worrying about me. It's not often you get to come home these days, so ruining the mood is the last thing I want to do. Also, I'm a grown-up now. I need to be the one making sure I stay safe. You can't protect me forever.
> 
> Caleb: Why is that a problem? If not for me, who could you possibly turn to for...

Caleb seems to realize something and shakes his head.

> MC: What's wrong?
> 
> Caleb: You wouldn't understand even if I told you, pip-squeak. Forget it. We've been outside for too long. Gran's going to be worried.

Caleb walks towards the house.

> MC: You're doing it again. Go inside by yourself. I'm not your sidekick.
> 
> Caleb: Fine. But hide the blood on your sleeve before heading inside. Since you're a grown up now, I won't cover for you this time.

Caleb enters the house and pulls the door shut behind him.

MC pauses to examine her sleeve and try to clean off the blood.

THEN IT FUCKING EXPLODES.

We see [[MC's childhood home]] on fire. [[Caleb's necklace]] is on the ground a few feet ahead of [[MC]] and she crawls for it, grabbing it before she passes out.

## Commentary/conjecture
This is a very pivotal chapter in [[MC]]'s life, as well as her relationship with [[Caleb]] (since he ultimately survives this explosion and eventually returns to her life, see [[04 Homecoming Wings]]).

The tension between MC and Caleb of whether she still needs him to protect her is key to their relationship. He's struggling to adjust to her being older, but we do see him relent (if a bit petulantly) when she insists she can handle herself.

Of course, this has the most tragic possible timing. Some of Caleb's later behavior can be understood through this lens. Just when he's starting to accept that maybe she doesn't need him anymore, something nearly takes him out of her life forever. He'd be struggling with his own lack of ability to protect himself, guilt over what would have happened if MC hadn't happened to stay behind (i.e. he couldn't have protected her from the explosion), etc.
