# Summary

[[MC]] and [[Zayne]] sit outside to watch for the aurora. As MC struggles with her grief, [[Zayne]] shares that a friend of his died on [[Mt Eternal]] in "an accident" a "few years back" ([[Mt Eternal incident]]), and that he's found a way to move forward.

MC resolves to head back to [[Linkon]] soon to investigate [[Onychinus]] and the [[Aether Core]].

# Details
[[MC]] can't sleep, so she reviews [[Josephine's notes]] by the fireplace.

> MC: (Grandma knew someone might target people related to [[Aether Core]]s. Is that why she kept me in the dark for so long...)

[[Zayne]] is outside and invites [[MC]] to come watch for the aurora, even though it's unlikely.

> Zayne: When visiting for the first time, an aurora is required to make the trip worthwhile. Look, the snow has stopped. Only at the very end will someone know if there is a watershed moment.
> 
> MC: (Until the very end... Yet grandma and those researchers... They...) But there are people who persist until the very end, only to be defeated.
> 
> Zayne: I meant the aurora.
> 
> MC: Same.

They comment on [[Mt Eternal]] in the background, and its anomalous [[Protofield]] a few years back.

> MC: Dr Noah chose to live here in the [[Arctic]]. for your research project, right?
> 
> Zayne: Not necessarily. My friend sacrificed himself during the [[Protofield]] anomaly that took place here.
> 
> MC: Oh, I see... I'm sorry...
> 
> Zayne: Why are you apologizing?
> 
> MC: Is there more to his sacrifice? Like a secret?
> 
> Zayne: It was an accident. It's already in the past.
> 
> MC: ...Do you think the pain caused by death can truly be forgotten with time?
> 
> Zayne: It cannot. Time can't heal everything, nor can someone simply forget the pain. However, people can become accustomed to sorrow.
> 
> MC: But time has helped you and Dr. Noah find things worth living for, hasn't it?
> 
> Zayne: The aurora.

The aurora appears then, somewhat comforting MC. She says its a shame that she can only see the aurora for a few moments. Zayne creates an unmelting snowman to watch the future auroras in her place. They briefly discuss that MC will return to [[Linkon]] soon.

> MC: Let's hope that both of us can find the truth we seek.


## Commentary

[[WU-01 Longly Flame]] tells the story of what happened during the [[Mt Eternal incident]]. Zayne is referring to [[William]] here, so there is in fact a secret to his death. Zayne had been forced to kill him when he started to turn into a [[Wanderer]] (see also [[human to Wanderer transformation]]). This makes Zayne's statements here incredibly poignant.