# Summary
[[MC]] reads [[Josephine's notes]], learning that [[Grandma]] was actually on a research team doing experiments on her heart its [[Aether Core]] fragment. She calls [[Zayne]] for more information and he recommends visiting [[Dr. Noah]], her original cardiologist, in two weeks. MC silently decides she can't wait that long.


# Details

[[MC]] reads [[Josephine's notes]], learning that [[Grandma]] was actually on a research team doing experiments on her heart and its [[Aether Core]] fragment. She calls [[Zayne]], hoping he has answers.

MC: Is the [[Protocore]] fragment in [my heart] the same as the ones in other [[Protocore Syndrome]] patients? I just went through the stuff [[Grandma]] left me.

Zayne: It certainly is a strange [[Protocore]] fragment. After reviewing your condition, I've tried to find similar cases. But as far as I'm aware, you're the only one.

MC: Is that because it's the [[Aether Core]]? You're my primary care physician. Grandma also entrusted you to give me these papers. She must have a good reason.

Zayne: It's only been six months since she passed. Regardless, aside from its name, I don't know much about it. The fragment in your heart has been there for a long time. Perhaps there's someone who can provide us with information. You remember [[Dr. Noah]]? Dr Noah is currently doing a personal research project in [[Snowcrest]]. If you want to meet him, I can help you get in touch.

Due to the weather, Zayne suggests visiting in two weeks. MC silently decides she can't wait that long.
