# Summary

[[MC]] arrives at the hospital, but [[Zayne]] is busy with emergency surgeries due to the increased [[Wanderer]] activity. As MC waits for him, she sees his biography and is reminded of her grief and regret over what happened to [[Caleb]] and [[Grandma]].

← [[01-04.04 A Real Nightmare]] | [[01-04.06 Saying Goodbye]] →
# Details

A nurse gives [[MC]] the cardiac [[Evol]] report that [[Greyson]] had mentioned

Report contents:
* Cardiac Evol dynamic examination application form
* Clinic No.: 2122637824
* Gender: Female
* Subject: Cardiac Surgery
* Address: Room 502, Building 9, No. 391 South Garden Street
* Emergency Contact: Josephine (relationship: grandma)
* Attached Echocardiogram

MC silently notes that [[Grandma]] is still her emergency contact, then asks to see [[Zayne]]. The nurse informs her that Zayne has been working overtime recently due to the uptick in [[Wanderer]] attacks.

Zayne suddenly passes by on his way to an emergency surgery in OR No. 3, calling for [[Greyson]]. The patient is an elderly male. Zayne sees MC, but stays focused on the task at hand.

The nurse apologizes, and invites MC to wait.

MC wanders a bit, finding employee info on Dr. [[Zayne]].
* Chief Surgeon, [[Division of Cardiac Surgery]]
* [[Starcatcher Award]]ee (2046)
* [[Linde Award]] winner (Year 2046)
* (Full biography on [[Zayne]]'s page)

MC: "Leading expert in [[Protocore Syndrome]]. Appointed Chief Surgeon..."

Trivia: Cooper is an attending surgeon.

MC overhears a nurse talking about getting dinner with her grandmother, causing a wave of grief and regret.