# Summary

The little boy leads MC to a fish catching game at the docks, where she runs into [[Rafayel]] for the first time (though they don't exchange names). He helps her catch a little red fish that turns out to be a [[Flammula]] from [[Lemurian]] legend, and she sends it home with him hoping it'll live longer. Then she realizes she's late for her routine check-up at [[Akso Hospital]].

# Details
The boy leads [[MC]] to an activity on the docks where you can catch a little fish from a pond. Just as they get there, his friend catches him cheating, and he runs off. Before MC can leave the pond, [[Rafayel]] approaches (though [[MC]] doesn't know who he is yet). He's holding a brochure for [[Hat Island]], so MC thinks he's a tourist.

Rafayel informs MC that the fish can only live a week on land, but catches it for her anyway. He reports that it's a real [[Flammula]] from [[Lemurian]] legends.

MC says she isn't very familiar with those legends, then warns [[Rafayel]] about the [[Wanderer]] activity that has caused [[Hat Island]] to be closed.

> [[Rafayel]]: "That explains why I couldn't get a boat ticket. It's a good that you were here to let me know. Otherwise, I really would've wasted my time."
* ((It's pretty clear that Rafayel is being sarcastic here. Is it because he was stalking MC, and that's why he was nearby? 'It's good you were here, otherwise I would've wasted my time'))

As Rafayel turns to leave, MC gives him the fish, stating it'll hopefully live longer with him. (Little does she know, he's indeed a [[Lemurian]].) As she goes to recommend [[Whitesand Bay]] instead (ironically where [[Rafayel]] lives), he's already walking away.

MC realizes she's late for her Routine check-up at [[Akso Hospital]]. (Her phone also says that it's Wed, Sunny, 18:15)