# Summary
[[Hunting Day]] begins. [[MC]] sees a spherical droid with a red eye, very similar to [[the giant red eye]]
she saw outside her window. The droid marks her as the hunting target. After fighting off a few would-be kidnappers, a [[Man in Black]] doses her with neurotoxin and she collapses, captured.

Meanwhile, [[Rafayel]] watches these events unfold while discussing his own deal with the [[mysterious Ever representative]]. [[Ever]] wants [[MC]], and [[Rafayel]] wants something that this mysterious man has. Though, Rafayel's intentions may not be malicious towards MC--he insinuates that Ever isn't going to be able to handle her.

← [[01-08.09 Into Deep]] | [[01-08.11 Battle - Shadowstreet Turmoil - Challenge]] →
# Details
At first, nothing happens. [[MC]] notes a Wanted poster for [[Lumiere]], with a reward of 100,000,000. ((This appears to be 4x the bounty on [[Rafayel]] in [[01-07.01 Investigation]].))

Suddenly, the lights go out.

> Radio: There's a price to pay when a wish is granted. Will you be hunter or the hunted tonight?

A spherical droid appears with a glowing red eye, which very closely resembles the in-game appearance of [[the giant red eye]]. Indeed, MC soon comments, "It's that eye again!" ((The way the droid turns around also demonstrates now the eye could suddenly disappear, since the glow is hidden. This is potentially a [[patrol robot]]? Though the descriptions are a bit too vague to be sure.))

The eye focuses on her, but then looks away. MC decides it isn't after her and goes to hide, but in that moment, the eye suddenly appears over her and lights her up with a spotlight. This designates her as the prey.

She fights off the first few to lunge at her, but then her vision goes blurry and she collapses. The [[Man in Black]] tells her it's the [[C-003 neurotoxin]], and to not move.


The scene then changes to a room overlooking the dance floor where [[MC]] has just been overtaken. [[Rafayel]] watches the scene.

Across form him is a man in a navy suit with lighter stripes. The [[Ever]] logo is visible on his chest above a neatly folded pocket square. His face is hidden in shadow. We'll call him the [[mysterious Ever representative]]. ((Some have suggested he's the Ever CEO, but I'll need to collect more clues.))

> ???: The more enticing the bait, the more dangerous things can get. Most are cluelss to it.
> Rafayel: Nows not the time to celebrate. The big fish we want hasn't fallen for it yet. Did you bring the stuff I requested?
> ???: You're fine handing over a fresh catch just like that?
> Rafayel: Do you really think they can handle the prey I caught?

Rafayel appears to be holding a black shot glass of his own.

The scene ends. Then, there's an outro for the [[01 Under Deepspace]] arc--another [[cosmic cinematic]] (refer to that page for commentary)--mirroring the chapter's opening in [[01-01.00 Singularity Echo]].

> Female voice: [[Traceback II]] will reach the edge of the [[Deepspace Tunnel]]'s umbra within one day. Our journey through the Deepspace Tunnel begins. Destination is in the Orion Arm of the Milky Way--Once the home of humanity: Earth. Activating Course Correction Engine. The Final countdown has been initiated...
> `During this sequence, the background shows a nebula on a starry background. The nebula brightens until it looks conspicuously like an eye. Then, it fades.`
> Male news voice: When alpha-Po159's light shines through the [[Deepspace Tunnel]], illuminating [[Linkon Tower]]'s pinnacle... The closest we've been to it in the last 4.6 billion years. This galaxy's name is derived from the old word "philo". It's the most exquisite gem in deepspace. Humanity remains shackled to time. There are other lives in this boundless, starry sea. Tonights weather: claer sky with winds around 7 miles/hr. Everything is serene inside the Deepspace Tunnel. Good night, [[Linkon]] City. May you rest in the Milky Way's embrace, drifting in long and happy dreams.

In the background, we see Xavier, then Zayne, then Rafayel.
Xavier uses a [[Flux Nexus]] near the remains of a space ship. ((The [[Traceback II]]))
Zayne uses his Evol on an ice wall under the aurora.
Rafayel sits on his ladder, painting a blue wall--but then the image cuts over and he's gone, and the peaceful blue is now marked with a blood red stream.

## Commentary

### Rafayel
Why is he working with [[Ever]]? #todo