# Summary
[[Xavier]] gives [[MC]] an assortment of useful items for her trip into the [[N109 Zone]], specifically a [[secret transmitter]], [[inhibitor pill]], and [[liquid-filled needle]]. Also flowers, for reasons.

Once MC is gone, he and [[Jeremiah]] discuss the other [[Backtrackers]] and current state of their intel. Big lore drop for [[Philos]] here.

← [[01-08.06 Unconventional Advice]] | [[01-08.08 Battle - Dark Torrent Surges - Challenge]] →
## Commentary

### Philos
We get a big lore drop about [[Philos]] with this one, and a lot comes into focus when bringing in the context from [[When Shooting Stars Fall]] and [[Shooting Stars]]. The narrative at the end referencing algae seems to be a reference to the "signs of life" being reported by the news about the Philos system. Given the statement about planets that "don't shine forever", this seems to hint that the [[Philos]] system currently being observed is from far after the desctruction of Philos. Potentially even 300 million years later, as hinted by the astronomy broadcast in [[01-08.02 Desecrated Soil]]. The statement that the [[Sterre Energy]] is depleted also hints that this is post-destruction [[Philos]]. However, given that the [[Philos]] that [[Xavier]] and [[Jeremiah]] are from is the future of Earth, then there would either need to have been an old planet that died, or some kind of broader time loop. Given the quote in [[01-01.00 Singularity Echo]] of "We are stuck in this [[loop]]... This never-ending journey..." there's some support for a [[time loop]] theory.

### MC's identity and past
The narration indicates that if the [[Nonintervention Principle]] had been upheld, then the [[Bloomshore District explosion]] wouldn't have happened and MC's past wouldn't have started coming to life. Later, we confirm that one of the [[Backtrackers]] is indeed involved with [[Ever]] and the explosion ([[WU-06 Sealed In Dust]]). It makes sense that [[Xavier]] would know this, as he's keeping tabs on the rest of the [[Backtrackers]] and trying to deal with the traitors.
# Details
[[Jeremiah]] presents [[MC]] with the family crest that will go with her new identity, along with some other supporting accessories. MC thanks him, and he says that he's just glad he's been able to help with such sincerity that it piques MC's curiosity. [[Xavier]], noticing this, steps between them and says that Jeremiah is very friendly.

MC asks if they should head back to their apartment together, but Xavier has plans that day. Before she leaves, [[Xavier]] applies a [[secret transmitter]] to her earlobe, which will still work in the [[N109 Zone]]. He also gives her an [[inhibitor pill]] that will make her immune to "98.7% of neurotoxins", and a [[liquid-filled needle]] for self-defense.

> Xavier: If you ever run into danger, don't hesitate.
> MC: Do you have a magic pocket or something? Where did all this stuff...
> *My vision is then overwhelmed by a bluish-purple hue.*
> MC: Is this also a secret weapon?
> Xavier: ... It's flowers.
> MC: Of course I know it's...! But why are you giving it to me?
> Xavier: Do I need a reason?
> *He lowers his head. He appears to be actually thinking.*
> Xavier: They just happened to blossom. So, I sincerely hope you'll accept them.

The scene then cuts to after MC has left.

> Jeremiah: So, were you able to stay calm when you saw her for the first time?
> Xavier: ...
> Jeremiah: We're just letting her go into the N109 Zone? Are okay with that?
> Xavier: It will be safer compared to [[Linkon]] City in a few days.
> Jeremiah: ... We can use that time to take care of the stuff lurking in the shadows. But I need to ask. Do you really not care about our [[Nonintervention Principle]] anymore?
> Xavier: Some already stopped caring about it.
> *Otherwise, the explosion at her home wouldn't have happened, and the truth that's been hidden for so many years wouldn't have started to emerge.*
> Jeremiah: Do you know how long we've been her? All those faces in the [[Backtrackers]]--I can't remember them. Don't you have the feeling that people's memories of us are also becoming fuzzier? Especially in recent years? I agree that sticking to the [[Nonintervention Principle]] is pointless, especially for us whose presence here was always a mistake. And mistakes are bound to be corrected sooner or later. Maybe we're slowly being erased as we speak.
> *Just like a planet that strayed away from orbit, only to be ripped apart by gravity.*
> Xavier: How's [[Traceback II]]?
> Jeremiah: It can send out simple signals, but the positioning system still needs some work. Is there really someone on the other side of the [[Deepspace Tunnel]] that can respond to us?
> Xavier: ...You will return in one piece. I'll make sure of it.
> Jeremiah: Having [[Evol]] doesn't make you invincible... And you're... This isn't [[Philos]]. And we, you know, aren't truly immortal. Our kind, I mean.
> Xavier: ...
> *Not every planet in the Deepspace shines. Or rather, they don't shine forever. Piercing through a veil of light, dying celestial bodies are nothing more than skeletal, ashen rock with ring-shaped mountains.
> Cosmic dust coalesces into asteroids, their surfaces adorned with algae that couldn't be considered a sign of life.
> A faint glimmer of light gradually emerges in the distance and spreads from the horizon. The morning light manifests on one side, and on the other is the beginnings of a misty night.* 