# Summary
[[MC]] has a nightmare that seems to merge the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]] and [[the giant red eye]]. She helps rescue [[Xavier]] from a journalist, then they head into the [[UNICORNS building]] for a post-mission debrief with [[Jenna]].

← [[01-03.08 Where Light Vanishes]] | [[01-03.10 Invitation]] →
# Details
Starts with a cinematic of MC's nightmare:
> Monsters! Run!
> `MC runs through smoke and rubble.`
> Run... Run... I can't be caught
> Rusty-red rain falls rm the sky and seeps into every nook and cranny of the city. I step over the puddles, running away.
> I sense a powerful force. It's about to burst from my heart.
> `MC looks up and the moon glitches, then turns red`
> Then the moon appears. Magnificent, it descends before me. It flickers.
> It seems to be blinking at me.
* ((This is a reference to the [[the giant red eye]]))

MC got a few hours of sleep last night, then is coming in for an early call to the [[UNICORNS]] building. She notices some other hunters heading out on [[310HM]] bikes via the [[Movere Bridge]] for urgent missions.

A journalist tries to interview [[Xavier]] near the lobby. He's uninterested, and it's the first time he specifically calls MC his mission partner as he says he needs to get to work. He asks for help escaping the journalists. She makes him beg.

"It's sunny, the wind's nice, and the streets are busy." ((It's somewhere from late spring to early fall at this point, based on the persistently nice weather.))

[[Jenna]] invites the two of them into a post-mission debriefing.