# Summary

((Approx 6mo passes between [[01-04.03 Within Reach]] and this chapter, based on Zayne's statements in [[01-05.01 Unspoken Secret]].))

[[MC]] throws herself into investigating the [[Metaflux]] fluctuations related to the [[Bloomshore District explosion]], not believing them to be a random accident. ((Indeed, [[WU-06 Sealed In Dust]] reveals [[Ever]]'s involvement.)) [[Jenna]] and [[Tara]] express their concerns, and [[Greyson]] calls to remind MC that she has another appointment with [[Zayne]] soon.

# Details

Survey results appear on-screen:
> Explosion at 502 Sunset Street, [[Bloomshore District]]
> 2 deaths. No evidence of human-triggered detonation detected. No remains of any detonation device found. The deceased were not known to have any disputes or financial conflicts of interest with any others. According to the evidence gathered, this was an accident caused by [[Metaflux]] fluctuation.

MC sits at her desk at the [[UNICORNS building]], holding [[Caleb's necklace]]. A news report plays in the background.

> News report: "... after an injection of [[Protocore]] energy, the success rate of clinical treatments dramatically improves. In other news... In recent months, the number of [[Wanderer]]s in [[Linkon]] has increased due to the fluctuations of [[Metaflux]]. Metaflux-related explosions have currently left 35 people wounded with 2 casualties in the [[Bloomshore District]]. We advise all citizens to be careful..."
* In [[01-04.01 Family]], the news broadcast reports 22 wounded so far and no casualties. This means 13 additional people were wounded between then and now, along with the presumed deaths of [[Grandma]] and [[Caleb]].

Tara arrives and turns off the news, revealing that MC has been looking at a page about an unidentified [[Wanderer]]. Tara comments on how hard MC has been working investigating the incidents, and MC affirms that she doesn't believe that what happened to her is just a coincidence.

[[Jenna]] and [[Tara]] both express concern over MC's condition--that she's been working too hard and not sleeping.

[[Greyson]] then calls from an unknown number to remind MC that she has an appointment later that day.
* It's another sunny Wed (10:45am) notably using the same phone background asset as [[01-01.07 Ripples]], so the day/weather probably isn't very important

> Greyson: You had a transapical [[Metaflux]] ablation last month, right? Dr. [[Zayne]] has your medical report. But you'll need to get an Evol Cardiac Examination first.
* (("transapical" in the context of heart surgery refers to a minimally invasive technique where an incision is made above the apex of the heart (transapical = across apex) and ablation simply means "removal" in this context. So, this is some medical jargon meaning she had [[Metaflux]] removed from her heart in a minimally invasive way.))

Jenna urges MC to take care of her health first.