Main Story/01-05.07 Aether Core.md, before:

# Summary
[[Dr. Noah]] reveals key details about [[Grandma]] and the [[Aether Core]]. Dr Noah's best guess is that the Aether Core is an "innate strength" of MC's, vs having been put there. He also reveals that the other researchers involved have since died or disappeared, though there's one working for [[Onychinus]]. ((We'll later learn this is [[Philip]].))

Dr Noah also warns [[MC]] not to tell anyone else about the [[Aether Core]], since those who are power hungry will try to get their hands on it.

# Details
[[Dr. Noah]] treats them to dinner, then they sit in front of the fireplace while Dr. Noah examines the files. Due to the high lore relevance of the entire conversation, it's transcribed below in full.

> Dr. Noah: So your grandmother told you everything.
>
> MC: All she left me was this box of files. The rest I can only speculate. Is the [[Protocore]] in my heart really an [[Aether Core]]? And... was it placed there on purpose?
>
> Dr. Noah: I don't know why or how the process was done, but in regards to the [[Protocore]], even a minimally invasive surgery can leave behind traces.
>
> *Dr. Noah looks up at me with expectant eyes.*
>
> Dr. Noah: If I had to guess, it might be your innate strength.
>
> MC: How can that...
>
> Dr. Noah: There are countless, seemingly impossible hypotheses behind every scientific conclusion. Before the [[Evol]] gene emerged, no one believed they could wield the power of nature.
>
> MC: But all experiments have a purpose. What could the [[Aether Core]] in my heart possibly prove?
>
> Dr. Noah: What were they trying to prove?
>
> *The old man laughs dryly and shakes his head.*
>
> Dr. Noah: Why do you think people want to go inside the [[Deepspace Tunnel]]? Some things are attractive by simply existing. Unraveling the unknown is a purpose in and of itself. Some are willing to do anything to achieve their goals. So [Name], don't let anyone know about your Aether Core.
>
> MC: While I haven't told everyone ((sic: "anyone" may be a better translation)), Grandma is...
>
> *I try to suppress the pain in my heart and compose myself.*
>
> MC: The person responsible for this will find me sooner or later. That's why I need to know what makes the [[Aether Core]] so special. You say there are people willing to do anything to achieve their goals. Who exactly?
>
> Dr. Noah: Aether was originally something philosophers came up with--the fifth element, so to speak. No one can prove or disprove aether exists. Maybe that's the reason your grandmother called it aether. A mysterious energy that surpasses the other [[Protocore]]s. Anyone who knows about it will desire it.
>
> MC: ... And anyone who has it will pay the price.
>
> *The Aether Core is at the center of an intricate web. What happened to my family is just one thread of it. As if sensing my thoughts, Dr. Noah gently pats me on the shoulder.*
>
> Dr Noah: The amount of energy in your heart right now is far less than what the experimental data shows. It's possible an accident occurred in the final experiment, which reduced the [[Aether Core]]'s power.
>
> MC: Reduced the power?
>
> Dr Noah: I'm just guessing. This is beyond my field of expertise.
>
> MC: Who else knows about the experiments?
> 
> Dr Noah: To better understand your heart's condition, I tried to contact those researchers privately. But most had either died or disappeared. It'd be hard to find any of them today. Ah, I do recall your grandmother mentioning one had run away to... the [[N109 Zone]]. They joined [[Onychinus]].
> 
> *I didn't expect to hear that name from him. But after giving it some thought, it makes sense.*
> 
> Dr Noah: The fellow researchers started dying or disappearing soon after that.
> 
> *I only knew Grandma used to do scientific research, but she never mentioned what she researched. Our home also didn't have any hints about her past.*
> 
> MC: Dr Noah, I have one last question about Grandma. Was she the person... who put the [[Aether Core]] in my heart?
> 
> Dr Noah: I don't know. I know very little about your grandmother. But [Name], not everyone is lucky enough to do what's right in the beginning. We can only hope we'd have the chance to turn it into something we won't regret.
> 
> *Dr Noah puts all the files back into the box and hands it to me.*
> 
> Dr Noah: Maybe this is the choice she made.

End scene.
## Commentary
Some clarity has potentially been lost in translation, but Dr. Noah's words here seem to confirm that the [[Aether Core]] wasn't "put into" [[MC]]. Rather, it's innate somehow. Dr. Noah concludes this because if any surgery had been done to insert the [[Protocore fragments]], he would have seen evidence of it during his prior examinations.

Commit message:

Add Long Awaited Revelry and Beyond Cloudfall
Add the Long Awaited Revelry main story arc, and Sylus's Beyond Cloudfall myth (as these two are highly inter-related). Plus some misc clean-up.

Main Story/01-05.07 Aether Core.md, after:

# Summary
[[Dr. Noah]] reveals key details about [[Grandma]] and the [[Aether Core]]. Dr Noah's best guess is that the Aether Core is an "innate strength" of MC's, vs having been put there. He also reveals that the other researchers involved have since died or disappeared, though there's one working for [[Onychinus]]. ((We'll later learn this is [[Philip]].))

Dr Noah also warns [[MC]] not to tell anyone else about the [[Aether Core]], since those who are power hungry will try to get their hands on it.

# Details
[[Dr. Noah]] treats them to dinner, then they sit in front of the fireplace while Dr. Noah examines the files. Due to the high lore relevance of the entire conversation, it's transcribed below in full.

> Dr. Noah: So your grandmother told you everything.
>
> MC: All she left me was this box of files. The rest I can only speculate. Is the [[Protocore]] in my heart really an [[Aether Core]]? And... was it placed there on purpose?
>
> Dr. Noah: I don't know why or how the process was done, but in regards to the [[Protocore]], even a minimally invasive surgery can leave behind traces.
>
> *Dr. Noah looks up at me with expectant eyes.*
>
> Dr. Noah: If I had to guess, it might be your innate strength.
>
> MC: How can that...
>
> Dr. Noah: There are countless, seemingly impossible hypotheses behind every scientific conclusion. Before the [[Evol]] gene emerged, no one believed they could wield the power of nature.
>
> MC: But all experiments have a purpose. What could the [[Aether Core]] in my heart possibly prove?
>
> Dr. Noah: What were they trying to prove?
>
> *The old man laughs dryly and shakes his head.*
>
> Dr. Noah: Why do you think people want to go inside the [[Deepspace Tunnel]]? Some things are attractive by simply existing. Unraveling the unknown is a purpose in and of itself. Some are willing to do anything to achieve their goals. So [Name], don't let anyone know about your Aether Core.
>
> MC: While I haven't told everyone ((sic: "anyone" may be a better translation)), Grandma is...
>
> *I try to suppress the pain in my heart and compose myself.*
>
> MC: The person responsible for this will find me sooner or later. That's why I need to know what makes the [[Aether Core]] so special. You say there are people willing to do anything to achieve their goals. Who exactly?
>
> Dr. Noah: Aether was originally something philosophers came up with--the fifth element, so to speak. No one can prove or disprove aether exists. Maybe that's the reason your grandmother called it aether. A mysterious energy that surpasses the other [[Protocore]]s. Anyone who knows about it will desire it.
>
> MC: ... And anyone who has it will pay the price.
>
> *The Aether Core is at the center of an intricate web. What happened to my family is just one thread of it. As if sensing my thoughts, Dr. Noah gently pats me on the shoulder.*
>
> Dr Noah: The amount of energy in your heart right now is far less than what the experimental data shows. It's possible an accident occurred in the final experiment, which reduced the [[Aether Core]]'s power.
>
> MC: Reduced the power?
>
> Dr Noah: I'm just guessing. This is beyond my field of expertise.
>
> MC: Who else knows about the experiments?
> 
> Dr Noah: To better understand your heart's condition, I tried to contact those researchers privately. But most had either died or disappeared. It'd be hard to find any of them today. Ah, I do recall your grandmother mentioning one had run away to... the [[N109 Zone]]. They joined [[Onychinus]].
> 
> *I didn't expect to hear that name from him. But after giving it some thought, it makes sense.*
> 
> Dr Noah: The fellow researchers started dying or disappearing soon after that.
> 
> *I only knew Grandma used to do scientific research, but she never mentioned what she researched. Our home also didn't have any hints about her past.*
> 
> MC: Dr Noah, I have one last question about Grandma. Was she the person... who put the [[Aether Core]] in my heart?
> 
> Dr Noah: I don't know. I know very little about your grandmother. But [Name], not everyone is lucky enough to do what's right in the beginning. We can only hope we'd have the chance to turn it into something we won't regret.
> 
> *Dr Noah puts all the files back into the box and hands it to me.*
> 
> Dr Noah: Maybe this is the choice she made.

End scene.
## Commentary
[[Josephine's secret notes]] confirm that the [[Aether Core]] wasn't "put into" MC, but rather is innate and appeared during her first resurrection.

Dr. Noah bases his conclusion on that if any surgery had been done to insert the [[Protocore fragments]], he would have seen evidence of it during his prior examinations.
