# Summary
[[MC]] sees [[Zayne]] lost control of his [[Evol]], but he's able to regain control quickly. Zayne gives [[Grandma]]'s box to MC again, offering his best attempt at comfort. After MC says she wants to be alone and heads home, Zayne reflects on his last conversation with [[Grandma]]. She feels grateful that fate has been so kind to "someone like me", and reminds Zayne of his promise to take care of MC should [[Grandma]] die. Though Zayne knows that Josephine had accepted her impending death, he still regrets it came to this.

← [[01-04.09 Battle - Midnight Crisis]] | [[01-04.11 Battle - Strange Shadows - Challenge]] →

# Details
MC wonders if the hospital's [[Flux Stablizer]] is malfunctioning, because if it's working properly then [[Wanderer]]s shouldn't be able to appear at the hospital.

Zayne doesn't immediately respond because his Evol is out of control (([[Zayne losing control of his Evol]])) and his hand and arm are covered in ice. He cautious MC to keep her distance. He's then able to get his Evol back under control.

Zayne brushes off MC's concern, then hands [[Grandma]]'s box back to her. She says she's heading home. Zayne tries to offer some words of comfort.

Once MC is gone, Zayne remembers his last conversation with Josephine. Josephine is in bed, and it's sunset. (This symbolizes that she's near the end of her life.) He tells her that her condition is serious and she can't delay treatment any longer. Josephine says her time has come. "The heavens have been more than kind to someone like me." (This hints at her guilt over her role in the experiments on [[MC]], see also [[Josephine's secret notes]]) Josephine reminds Zayne of his promise to take care of MC on Josephine's behalf. "You know, by helping her, you help yourself."

The sunset memory transitions into the current night, symbolizing how Josephine's life has now come to an end. Zayne reflects on Josephine having accepted her death, saying, "Even so... It shouldn't have come to this."