# Summary
As they wander around [[Hat Island]], [[Rafayel]] coaches [[MC]] to use her [[Resonance Evol]] on the [[coral stone]]. It doesn't seem to have the effect [[Rafayel]] is hoping for, but it does summon some lurking [[Wanderer]]s.

← [[01-07.05 Set Sail]] | [[01-07.07 Battle - Resonance Gravitation]] →
# Details
As they wander around [[Hat Island]], MC recalls that she went on a field trip there as a kid. [[Rafayel]] asks what a field trip is. ((He's either messing with her, or doesn't know because he grew up as a [[Lemurian]].))

[[MC]] detects some weak signals with her [[Resonance Evol]], but the [[Hunter's Watch]] doesn't pick up on anything.

[[Rafayel]] suggests that she use her [[Resonance Evol]] on the [[coral stone]].

> Rafayel: The coral stone is from this water. If you notice something weird, it might be tainted with the same kind of [[Metaflux]]. Use your [[Evol]] to resonate with it. Creating a similar signal might just be good enough to lure them out.

Claiming that MC's grip is so tight he's worried she'll crush the [[coral stone]], [[Rafayel]] offers to help, folding his hands around his and telling her to close her eyes. He then guides her to resonate with the stone, commenting on how her [[Evol]] allows her to adopt the same unique frequencies as other objects/people, and thus resonate with them. (See [[Resonance Evol]] for more details.)

MC successfully resonates with the [[coral stone]]. There's a breeze from her hands and a [[golden light]].

At first, it seems like nothing happened--at least, not what [[Rafayel]] was hoping for. (This is confirmed in [[01-07.07 Battle - Resonance Gravitation]].)

Then MC's [[Hunter's Watch]] beeps, and they realize something reacted. The glowing blue portal of an opening [[Protofield]] appears next to them.

