# Summary
On the way home that evening, MC learns of a stele (really a [[Flux Nexus]]) at the [[abandoned base for Protocore research]]. A [[Wanderer]] attacks the train she's in, so she gets out to fight it at [[Universum Station]]. [[Jenna]] calls [[Xavier]] directly to send him in to assist his new teammate.

← [[01-02.12 Unfair Deal]] | [[01-02.14 Battle - Herte Knave - Challenge]] →

# Details
MC is on the way home via the train. She connects with [[Tara]], noting that the [[coral stone]] [[Metaflux]] is faint. Tara promises results as soon as they're available, then says they also found more clues at the [[abandoned base for Protocore research]]. She reveals they found a stele in the area they've been monitoring. (They don't yet know its true function as a [[Flux Nexus]].)

The train enters a tunnel and MC's [[Hunter's Watch]] goes off, signaling a [[Wanderer]] above the train. MC asks [[Tara]] for backup. The train makes it to [[Universum Station]], where MC assists with the evacuation and stays behind to face the Wanderer.

Outside the station, [[Xavier]] is getting an energy drink, seemingly oblivious to the chaos of the evacuation. [[Jenna]] calls him to give him the mission to assist [[MC]] within the station. She refers to MC as "your new teammate", confirming that Xavier is in [[Alpha Team]].

As he steps inside, he sees MC gracefully jumping up and over the train. He uses a hunter-issued zipline ((presumably to leave the station)), and informs Jenna that he's met MC before. Jenna tells him to protect her due to her unique abilities, and he says she doesn't need protection. (Based on MC's reaction in [[01-03.01 Order No. 85]], it can be inferred that [[Xavier]] did not end up intervening.)

A lightning storm begins.

((In [[01-03.01 Order No. 85]], we learn that there were other simultaneous [[Wanderer]] attacks at the same time due to the use of a [[modified Protocore]] in the [[Flux Nexus]] in [[No-Hunt Zone 7]].))