# Summary
[[Rafayel]] reminds [[MC]] of their deal for her to protect him while he gets more [[coral stone]]. When this isn't enough to get her to bite, he offers to help her get into the [[N109 Zone]]. He tells her to meet him the next day at [[Whitesand Bay]]. There, [[Thomas]] and [[Rafayel]] are waiting with a boat--which [[Thomas]] things he got for them to go on a date.

← [[01-07.03 Secret Tracking]] | [[01-07.05 Set Sail]] →

# Details
[[MC]] and [[Rafayel]] enjoy a beautiful city scene of an elevated garden and a holographic ad for [[Rafayel]]'s art exhibition. Illusory fish swim amongst the city and draw the attention of passers by.

MC asks if this is another of Rafayel's dreams, and he confirms it is. After commenting that peaceful seas sell better than chaotic ones, he thanks MC for pulling him out of his daydreams today.

((Given that [[Rafayel]] has a tendency to meditate on past pain for artistic inspiration, as revealed in [[Intertidal Zone]], and that he was sketching [[Lemuria]] on the day in question, we can infer that much of [[Rafayel]]'s artistic inspiration comes from the pain of having lost [[Lemuria]] and his childhood home. So when he thanks MC for pulling him from his dreams, he's also thanking her from pulling him out of those painful memories of loss.))

Rafayel starts to leave, then reminds [[MC]] about their deal--she's still supposed to be his bodyguard so that she can help him get more [[coral stone]]s for more paint. ((They made this deal over 6mo prior, before the [[Bloomshore District explosion]].)) MC had totally forgotten about this arrangement. ((This means that any memories with [[Rafayel]] where he's treating her as his bodyguard would be after the 6mo period between [[Grandma]]'s death and [[01-05 Eternal Aurora]].))

MC makes an excuse to leave, but [[Rafayel]] tempts her back by mentioning he has an idea for how to get her into the [[N109 Zone]]. He quotes her saying about needing bait from [[01-07.02 Canvas Enigmas]], then suggests she become bait for [[Onychinus]]. If she wants to go forward with the plan, she's to meet him at the docks of [[Whitesand Bay]] the next day.

She ends up deciding to go forward with the plan, and sees [[Thomas]] at the docks the next morning. [[Rafayel]] arrives soon after. Thomas refers to MC as a "reliable friend" to [[Rafayel]]. Nearby, a boat is floating.

MC asks whether they're going to use the boat to smuggle themselves in. Thomas is confused--[[Rafayel]] said the boat was for a date.