# Summary

[[MC]] and [[Xavier]] find the [[Flux Nexus]]. Someone was using it to try to resurrect an [[Aeonwyrm]], the most dangerous species of [[Wanderer]]. This is what caused the fluctations. MC resonates with the [[Flux Nexus]], extracting the [[modified Protocore]] and halting the resurrection. [[Foulwings]]s appear and attack.

# Details

[[Xavier]] leads [[MC]] through a building within [[No-Hunt Zone 7]]. They chat again about being mission partners, and MC affirms she's willing to work with Xavier for now, despite his secrets.

There's a suspicious [[fluctuation]] ahead.

MC remarks that this place used to be an old signal station. Nearby is a massive dragon-like Wanderer that's not yet recovered enough to move. [[Metaflux]] converges on the [Wanderer], and the wanderer is absorbing it.

[[Xavier]] identifies it as an [[Aeonwyrm]], the most dangerous species of Wanderer. The gathered [[Metaflux]] is reconstructing it. A [[Flux Nexus]] is nearby.

[[Xavier]] uses his [[Evol]] and the nexus glows, but nothing happens. He suggests MC try her Evol on it, since only a specific Evol can unlock it.

MC resonates with it. The [[Metaflux]] evaporates from the [[Aeonwyrm]], and a golden diamond prism appears from inside. The prism shatters, revealing a janky golden [[Protocore]] that looks different than normal protocores.

Xavier: "The energy fluctuations prove that someone wants to resurrect the [[Aeonwyrm]]. If a Wanderer like that entered [[Linkon]], the consequences would be unimaginable."

MC wonders if there may be more than one [[Flux Nexus]] in the forest.

Xavier hears something. "The [[Protofield]] has changed. The forest is waking up." There's a swirl of pink mist, then dragon-like Wanderers appear.