# Summary
Sylus finds [[Wire Jaw]] attempting to manipulate the [[Flux Nexus]], and destroys both him and the nexus. Back at [[Elysium]], the [[human-like Wanderer]]s drop.

[[MC]] notes that the [[Protocore]]-like crystals on their skin are familiar, so she sneaks a sample. ([[Wanderer crystal sample]]) As they leave, [[Elysium]]'s [[Shopkeeper]] gives [[MC]] a storage drive.

MC and Sylus take the motorcycle back to [[Sylus's base]], where he leaves her and [[Mephisto]] for a few hours. The bird communicates he has a broken wing and blames [[MC]] for shooting him. [[Sylus]] returns, takes the injured crow, and beckons [[MC]] to join him.

## Commentary

### Sylus's Motives
Sylus had returned to his usual even keel after his frustration in [[02-01.08 Hesitation]]. He now understands he needs to take a different approach.

### The drive from the shopkeeper
[[02-02.06 Agreement]] reveals that this drive has what [[MC]] had asked for--a map of [[Solon Hotel]] and a list of the auction attendees. Given that she offers both this and MC to [[Sylus]] without fuss indicates that they have a working relationship. Either the shopkeeper knows Sylus will pay basically any price, she's paying back a favor, or she wants to earn a favor.

# Details
> `Outdoors, N109 Zone.`
> *Panicked, the man flees. He trips over an abandoned [[OTTO]] wandering around, falling into the wastewater along with his sunglasses.*
> OTTO: Visitors are not allowed. Please obey the security measures set in place. There are still... 67... 67 days until the project's completed. We will announce [[the greatest discovery]] to the world.
> *He struggles as he gets up and pushes open a heavy iron door that's hidden in the corner. Amidst a pile of old, rusty devices, a dark-colored stone platform lights up.*
> *After a while, the light dims, turning into a strange color. The man arches his back and lets out a hoarse, eerie laugh.*
> [[Wire Jaw]]: It's still here... The [[Flux Nexus]]... You're done for now--Argh!
> *His laughter suddenly stops. Deadly black-red mist rolls in from all directions. The nightmarish shadow slowly approaches from behind. The mans' eyes widen in fear, but he can't move.*
> [[Wire Jaw]]: S-spare me... Sy-- `(Thud.)`
> *Crimson particles land in the wastewater. The air is deathly still, yet the nearby light glows brighter. Sylus smiles coldly. The black-red mist flows into the [[Flux Nexus]] and it's instantly blown to pieces from the inside.*
> `Scene change to Elysium.`
> *Instantly, the rampaging monsters fall over and curl up into a fetal position.*
> MC: (What happened? Were they disconnected from something?)
> *The one closest to me, with a tattoo-like mark on its chest, has been burnt beyond recognition. Leaking out of its wound is a liquid that's not blood. It's more like a viscous mixture of oil and slime.*
> MC: (These crystals look like [[Protocore]]s... I've seen this before... Are they humans or...)
> *The lights turn on, which surprises me. I quietly wrap a tissue around a small crystal and hide it in my sleeve. Then I stand up.*
> `Sylus appears.`
> MC: Did you finish everything on your side? 
> Sylus: Let's go.
> *As usual, Sylus is calm. He won't be telling me what he was up to, it seems.*
> [[Shopkeeper]]: Thank you for your patronage! Please, be careful out there.
> *The shopkeeper approaches from who knows where, waves happily and suddenly gives me a big hug.*
> MC: !
> *With one hand on my shoulder, she opens my pocket and places a small storage device in it.*
> Shopkeeper: You really are a special person, Missy.
> `Scene changes to the base.`
> *On this rainy night, the motorcycle zooms down the road. As soon as we return to Sylus's base, he leaves me to do who knows what.
> Meanwhile, the crow seems to have been triggered by something. Propping up his body with one wing, he opens his beak and loudly caws at me.
> I pick up and inspect the weird crow, finally realizing what's wrong.*
> MC: Did you break your wing? I guess you're not bulletproof...
> [[Mephisto]]: Caw...
> MC: Did I accidentally hit you?
> Mephisto: Caw!
> *As if expressing his grievances, the crow screeches. It sounds like a metal spoon is being scraped against a metal bowl.*
> MC: Don't tell me you're upset.
> Mephisto: Caw caw!
> MC: You're saying it's my fault then?!
> Mephisto: Caw caw! Caw caw caw caw caw...
> `Sylus returns.`
> Sylus: What happened?
> *I turn around and see Sylus walking out with a glass of wine. His gaze sweeps across my face and lands on what's in my hands.*
> Mephisto: Coo....
> MC: He's saying his wing is broken. He's disabled now.
> Sylus: You learned how to speak bird in just a few hours?
> MC: I'm just explaining the situation on his behalf.
> *Sylus takes the crow from me. My sympathetic gaze follows him.*
> MC: Okay, I'll admit I might have accidentally injured your pet. How should I compensate you?
> Sylus: His name is [[Mephisto]]. He gets very upset if you call him a 'pet'.
> *Sylus looks at Mephisto's broken wing and glances at me.*
> Sylus: Did something strange happen before they attacked?
> *I reluctantly swallow my retort as another flame of anger is ignited.*
> MC: You should ask Mephisto what happened. You made him follow me around for observation.
> Sylus: True.
> MC: ...You're not going to deny it?
> *Sylus purposefully leans forward, his eyes shining like rippling, cold liquid.*
> Sylus: Were you hoping I'd be flustered with how you exposed me? We're in the [[N109 Zone]], sweetie. Whether you're with me or by yourself, you can't escape my influence. Please, don't be delusional.
> MC: ...I'm not the only one who's delusional. Isn't a certain someone hoping I dislike him less so I can resonate with him?
> Sylus: Hm.
> *Despite having gone through such a big ordeal and being mocked, Sylus still shows no signs of anger. He fiddles with Mephisto's broken wing, takes a sip of his drink, then places his glass--
> In my hand.*
> MC: (...Why am I holding this stupid glass for him?!)
> *As I try to put it down somewhere, Sylus suddenly turns around, walks to the other side of the room, and calls me over.*
> Sylus: Hurry up.
> MC: Huh?
> Sylus: Bring me more wine.
> MC: Am I a bar to you?
> Sylus: `(chuckles)` Compared to you, a bar is more obedient.
> *With his long legs, he reaches the elevator in just a few steps. He turns to see I haven't caught up to him, so he beckons for me with his hand that's holding [[Mephisto]].*