# Summary
As MC recovers from being thrown out of the [[Protofield]], she has a vision of the sword in [[Sylus]]'s chest from [[Beyond Cloudfall - Ch 9]]--this is the same vision she saw a fragment of in [[02-01.02 Alike]].

She returns to her senses and Sylus tells her to press on, reaching out a hand. She takes it, and they finally resonate. The resonance awakens her power, and she's able to absorb the [[Aether Core]]'s [[golden light]].

Then a chain of events kicks off and Sylus regains control of the [[N109 Zone]].

Back on the roof, a linkage lingers between her and Sylus--it's twined red and gold power, an expression of their soul bond. It forces them to stay together briefly, and they discuss next steps. Now that [[Sylus]] held up his part of the deal to bring her to the [[Aether Core]], she still owes him resonance sessions until the issues are resolved.

The chapter ends with [[cosmic cinematic#End of Long Awaited Revelry]], showing that MC has begun to remember [[Philos]] and seeming to depict Earth shattering to become [[Philos]]. There's another reference to the [[cosmic heartbeat]].
## Commentary
This is a dense chapter with a lot of little lore tidbits and the major callback to [[Beyond Cloudfall]]. It's the first time in the main story that any of the Myths are specifically mentioned, and confirms that the Myths interact with the main story timeline (see also [[converging timelines]]).

# Details

MC experiences a memory from the end of her [[Heavenly Tribulation]] (judgement by lightening) from [[Beyond Cloudfall - Ch 9]].

>`A cinematic plays. The ground ahead is crossed with cracks of glowing fire.` 
> *Where... am I...?*
> `MC looks down at her hands, which are covered in blood.`
> *There's... so much blood...*
> Sylus: ...You must press on. `(His hand hovers around the grip of the sword in his chest)` Because if you don't... `(Her hand loosely grips the blade)` There's no going back. `(Her hand firmly grips the blade, his hand wrapped over hers. In time with the changing scenes, a clock ticks in the background.)`
> MC: Sylus!
* Not only is this a memory from when she finally killed [[Sylus]] in [[Beyond Cloudfall]], but it's also the last time they resonated--when he used the resonance of their power to pull the sword out of her and into his chest.

> *My vision blurs. Amidst blood and fire, the [[Deepspace Tunnel]] appears. It shakes violently.*
> Sylus: You must press on.
> `Red lightning crosses the screen. Sylus stands before her with his left hand outstreetched.`
> Sylus: That life you owe me--now is not the time to repay it.
> *Looking at the hand reaching out to me, I see Sylus's cold face. But there seems to be a shadow above him. I can't help but reach out as well. Unprecedented power swells between our intertwined fingers--*
> `Gold power glows in Sylus's palm, wreathed in flecks of red energy.`
> *Instantly, I feel a tremor from deep within my heart. Something flows through my veins. The [[Wanderer]]'s dissipating particles fall like a misty rain, yet a brighter light pierces through the haze.
> The [[Aether Core]] emits countless rays of [[golden light]] that seep into my heart. The warm, familiar power continues to surge.*
> `The energy depicted is tinged with red at the edges.`
> *I don't know how much time has passed when the fluctuations around me slowly start to subside. The movements within my body cease. It's as if an ocean's roaring waves have silently calmed down, turning into ripples on a lake's surface.*
> `The dim golden shell of the core floats down into her outstretched hand.`
> MC: So this... is the Aether Core.
> `With a small flash of light, it cracks. She holds it towards Sylus, who stares up at the Deepspace Tunnel.`
> MC: (What?!) Sylus?
> `He looks down, but not at her.`
> Sylus: Its power belongs to you now. `(He looks to her.)` Naturally, the vessel will break as a result.
> MC: To me...?
> Sylus: Well, isn't this what you wanted? `(Sylus turns to walk away)`
> MC: Hey... where are you taking me?
> `Sylus lets out a frustrated breath, then lifts his left hand, and it raises MC's right hand with it, pulled by an invisible tether. Sylus waves it around, testing the tether, pulling her arm with it.`
> MC: Ngh, let go already!
> `He brings his arm to rest between them, then a glowing tether appears around their wrists with a line connecting them. Red and gold power swirls together--their combined power, and their unbreakable bond.` (([[Beyond Cloudfall - Ch 7]]))
> MC: What... is this thing?
> Sylus: `(sighs/scoffs)`


> Sylus doesn't respond, and that powerful tremor that shook the [[Deepspace Tunnel]] ignites a chain reaction within the [[N109 Zone]].
> Those shadows who believed they controlled [[Onychinus]] are eliminated from fate's tapestry. Unable to see the undercurrents beneath the water's surface, I can only smell the scent of smoke becoming more poignant as it's carried by the wind. Structures crumble and collapse, and [[Mephisto]]'s wings pierce through the boundless darkness. He's accompanied by the distant tolling of a bell. It's almost like an announcement, as if the world is saying...
> The true leader of [[Onychinus]] has returned.

> However, Sylus, amidst the raging storm, remains nonchalant as he sits next to me. Our racing vehicle leaves our enemies behind while intermittent light seeps through the window to obscure his silhouette and goals.
> I never held onto the naive notion that Sylus assisted me in acquiring the [[Aether Core]] just so he could clean house. This kind of deal would result in him suffering a major loss, and it's clear he's anything but an ignorant business man.
> What are his true motives?
> For a moment, his experience as he gazed at the [[Deepspace Tunnel]] resurfaces in my mind.
> Then, I feel a sensation in my palm. It's still clutching the fragmented [[Protocore]]. It's as if I'm subconsciously grasping onto an answer that has yet to be revealed.
> The linkage between my hand and Sylus's suddenly flickers, seemingly sensing the swirling thoughts in my head.

Back at [[Sylus's base]], Sylus cleans his guns. [[MC]] sits across from him, holding her phone.
> Luke: We heard you and Boss took care of the traitors and theives.
> Kieran: You even destroyed the [[Aether Core]] together! Good job!
> Sylus: ... `(sigh)`
> Luke: Just calling to let you know that we cleaned up at [[The Nest]]. No one will be causing trouble for you anymore.
> MC: Huh? When did...
> Kieran: Our boss told us to do it. While he looks mean, he's actually--
> Sylus: See you later.
> Kieran: B-boss?! Uh, I didn't mean to--
> `MC hangs up the call.`
> MC: So... what's your plan?
> Sylus: Chop it off.
> MC: But it seems to be some sort of energy linkage. Can I even physically attack it?
> Sylus: `(chuckles)` I was talking about your hand.
> MC: Tch!!
> Sylus: Or you can also settle down in the [[N109 Zone]]. I have more than enough time to solve this problem with you.
> MC: No thanks. Let's use a more efficient approach.
> Sylus: Let's destroy the [[Aether Core]] in your body. `(He raises an (unloaded) gun in her direction.)`
> MC: You're saying our [[Aether Core]]s created this link? Okay, why don't we destroy yours then?
> Sylus: Never mind. With your current level of resonance... `(looks at the linkage)` ...it won't last long.
> MC: But before I started resonating with you, I saw a strange vision...
> Sylus: `(looks away)` It's not a big deal. From now on, you'll be seeing more things like that. `(returns his gaze to her)`
> MC: So that.. was real?
> Sylus: If I say yes... will you give me a sincere apology? This world is different form what you see. But I'm not in the mood to tell stories at the moment. `(Mist swirls, and the brooch appears in his hand. He offers it to her.)` You should think about your next move after leaving the N109 Zone. `(She takes the brooch)` And... don't forget our deal.
> MC: Then you should make sure I can leave safely.
> Sylus: The outside world is more dangerous now.
> MC: Thanks for the warning. I'll be careful.
> Sylus: In any case, until the resonance issue is fixed, we'll be meeting more often in the future.


A [[cosmic cinematic]] plays:
> `Black background.`
> And so I left the [[N109 Zone]]. 
> The dust settled.
> `A silhouette of Sylus walking away, with his blazer over his shoulders` ([[Sylus - Relentless Conquerer]])
> But the deal with Sylus lingered, 
> like a silent yet turbulent mist.
> I found myself falling into an abyss
> in the blink of an eye.
> `The frozen spaceship (same as in the Protofield)`
> The doors of memory swung open.
> And something began to stir.
> `The scene changes to the orb-like tower on the Justicar's platform.` (See [[02-02.11 Battle - Into the Vortex]], [[Beyond Cloudfall - Ch 9]])
> It is...
> another world I had once glimpsed.
> `The abyss/Tarus is visible with lava at the foot of black rock.`
> `The screen goes black.`
> At the confluence of the entwined timelines,
> I head it.
> A faint yet distinct heartbeat.
> `A small star of light drifts downward in the black field. The star contacts a planet, briefly illuminating it from behind--it's Earth. Then, the glow shifts to the core of the planet and it begins to fracture, light streaming out from the massive cracks in the planet's surface.`

For commentary, refer to [[cosmic cinematic]]