# Summary
[[MC]] follows [[Luke and Kieran]]'s directions to the "exit", but they've actually pointed her in the direction of Sylus. Mephisto sees her in the hall, and flies ahead to the room where Sylus is.

MC overhears a man talking to Sylus about a project called [[The Fountain of Atei]], which aims to put [[Protocore]]s into human hearts and human consciousness into [[Wanderer]]s. (Compare to [[X-Heart]] and [[human to Wanderer transformation]].)

Sylus's mist devours the man, then he beckons her in. MC finds herself in a dining room, and is suddenly overwhelmed with hunger and thirst again. Sylus probes about her desires, then offers a deal. She accepts, saying she'll resonate with him if he gives her [[Onychinus]]'s [[Aether Core]]. (Note that she doesn't know that [[Sherman]] currently controls the core, not [[Sylus]].)

They have a tense conversation about the resonance, with MC trying and failing to resonate again. Sylus reacts, but remains unreadable. Finally, he decides the issue is that she's too weak, and tells her to eat everything on the packed dining table (see below for a note on the mis-translation to "eat your fill" instead of "eat it all"), then leaves her to it.

## Commentary

### Sylus's motivations
The narrative here gives us glimpses of how Sylus is reacting to seeing MC again, though he remains unreadable to her and she continues to assume he's being malicious. Here, we see him react when she takes his hand and insists on trying to resonate. She's been resisting him the past few days, then suddenly reaches out to him. If his hand is cold to hers, then hers is warm to his. He tells her to release him--but then doesn't want to let go.

Given that the last time they saw each other, she cursed him to immortality (([[Beyond Cloudfall]])) and he's been searching for her for a very long time (([[Land of Lost]])) we can be confident he's got a lot of mixed emotions here, including frustration, anger, hope, etc. He's likely closed off because he's not ready to be vulnerable, especially given that she doesn't remember him--though those familiar desires remain.

# Details
Kieran tells [[MC]], "Okay, just go straight down the hall and you'll see the exit." 
* Translation notes:
	* CN: 好了,一直往前走,穿過這個長廊,你就能離開 了。
	* MTL: Okay, just go straight ahead, through this corridor, and you can leave.
* In EN, Kieran points her to "the exit". In CN, he's saying "go that way and you can leave". This is notable because he's pointing MC to [[Sylus]], not the literal exit. Not too consequential, but underscores that Kieran's intent is to direct her to [[Sylus]], not the door to outside.

MC releases Luke, who runs to Kieran's side. Catching them eyeing the laser pointer, she tosses it to them, revealing her bluff.

[[Luke and Kieran]] debate how long she'll last in the [[N109 Zone]]. Luke bets thirty meters, Kieran counters ten steps, Luke says five.

MC continues down the dark corridor, checking her [[Hunter's Watch]] but there's no signal. Flowers wilt in a vase along the wall, revealing that [[Sylus]] hasn't been around for a while. Mephisto perches on a marble pillar nearby, and MC sees him for the first time.
> Its eyes appear to be made out of rubies. They glow with a lustrous yet haunting hue in the darkness. Its eyes suddenly move, fixing its gaze on me without blinking.

Mephisto flies at her--or rather, past her, and through the gap of an open door. She realizes she'll have to head through there to continue. ((Note that these are the directions Luke and Kieran gave her, so they pointed her to where Sylus was, not the exit.)) She hears classical music from the other side, and a "relaxed male voice":
> ...They plan to implant [[Protocores]] into human hearts. Then they'll insert the human consciousness into [[Wanderer]]s. Their little project has a name. [[The Fountain of Atei]].
* ((Note the similarities to project [[X-Heart]].))

> Sylus: You should know I'm not interested in other people's business. And Mephisto said you lied. You're not even telling me everything. It's a shame. You threw away your last chance.
> ???: No! Please forgive me... You can still use me as a tool! I...
> Sylus: Our deal is over. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to entertain a more important guest.
* ((Direct CN translation is "precious"/"valuable" not "important", underscores the familiar relationship they have.))
	* CN: 我們的交易到此為止,我該去招待更珍貴的客人了。
	* MTL: Our business ends here, and I have time to entertain more valuable guests.

> *The pleading voice stops abruptly, like a balloon that leaves nothing behind after it explodes from being filled with too much air.*
> MC: ...!
> *The room falls silent for a moment. The music suddenly stops before transitioning into a more gentle song played by string instruments.*
> Sylus: Aren't you going to come in?

MC enters the dining room, which is elegantly set. Red wine waits on the table. There's no trace of the other person. (We can infer that they were devoured by the mist, as is Sylus's usual MO.)

MC is suddenly hungry. Sylus pours her a glass of wine.
> *Behind me, the shadows press down, their invisible pressure suffocating.
> I hold onto the chair with one hand to steady myself and grab the knife on the table with the other.*
> Sylus: This will be useful for defending yourself in the [[N109 Zone]].
* Translation notes:
	* CN: 想在N109區裡自保,這個比較管用。
	* MTL: If you want to protect yourself in the N109 area, this is more useful.
* The original CN seems to emphasize the note below that he's giving her a "real" gun (that can kill people) vs. her hunter weapon which can only harm Wanderers.

> *Sylus coldly chuckles as he places a familiar gun on the table.*
> MC: Are you mocking me?
> Sylus: I'm giving you a way out. Since you can't escape, why don't we make a deal?
* ((This is the same gun she shot him with. Note that MC's usual [[Hunter Weapon]]s are specifically stated to be Evol weapons unable to harm other humans. They can only damage [[Wanderer]]s. Sylus is making a point that MC will have to be willing to wield lethal force to survive here.))

> *Glaring at him, I drink the wine to taunt him.*
> MC: [[Onychinus]]'s modus operandi is buying and selling by force. Too bad, I'm not interested.
> *The ice-cold liquid slides down my throat, and soon, I feel a burning pain in my stomach. The wine is stronger than I thought. I still can't help but chug one glass after another. Hungry and thirsty--it's as if I'm trying to numb myself with this sensation.*
> Sylus: As long as you have desires, there will always be deals to make.
> *With his crimson eyes full of malice, Sylus flashes a hint of a smile. His tall figure blocks out some of the light, and I can see his right eye starting to glow red. This means he's using some kind of power. Then, I'd be in a daze and experience auditory hallucinations.*
* ((This phrasing is a bit odd in EN, and the "would" verb form is also in the CN MTL, but [[02-02.06 Agreement]] seems to confirm that MC *did* experience the 'hallucinations' here, she didn't just think she 'would' if Sylus used his power.))

> Sylus: So many days have come and gone. You *should* know your own desires by now.
> *Confusion, restlessness, this insatiable emptiness... It's a black hole trying to swallow everything.*
> Sylus: `(Whispered)` Only I can give you what you want. 
* CN: 你想要的,只有我能滿足。
* MTL: What you want, only I can satisfy.
* ((Not consequential, but the "satisfy" in the CN is appealing.))

> Sylus: And you *will* agree to my terms.
* CN: 所以,你會答應我的條件。
* MTL: So, you will agree to my terms.
* ((Essentially the same, but the "so"/"therefore" connotation is helpful.))

> *I can't allow myself to be controlled by this person again. I force myself to stand up, spurred on by the alcohol I drank.*
> MC: What terms? You just want me to resonate with you. You know what, fine. I'll accept this deal. I resonate with you, and you give me the [[Aether Core]] from [[Onychinus]]'s auction--
> *As I say this, I grab Sylus's hand. His fingers are long, his palm is cold. Even touching his hand faintly brings forth a sense of dread.*
> Sylus: Release me. You can't do that just yet.
> MC: Don't move!
> *I look up at him, trying to use my remaining sobriety to find a hint of emotion, anything, on his face... For a moment, a complex, incomprehensible struggle appears in his gaze. What could be the source of that?
> Where does the power in his right eye come from? Why does it feel so familiar to me? Is it related to the Aether Core?
> Time passes ever so slowly. And just like the past few days, nothing happens.*
> MC: Why is it...
> *Murmuring to myself, I refuse to give up. I grab his hand and hold it like I'm squeezing a pump. The invisible pressure becomes stronger and stronger. The influence of alcohol gradually subsides, and I realize I made a very dangerous move.*
> MC: ... Ah.
> *I awkwardly straighten my posture and quietly try to pull back my hand. Yet he grips it more tightly.*
> Sylus: Maybe I've been too nice to you.
* CN: 我是不是對你太客氣了。
* MTL: Am I being too polite to you?
* (("Polite" has more of a manners connotation while "nice" connects more to kindness, so an interesting nuance here. It's less that he's going to be "mean" and more that he thinks he needs to be assertive.))

> *My fingers were firmly clasped. I couldn't move them at all.*
> MC: You... Let go! Even if you keep holding on to me like this, I can't resonate with you. It's not something I can just do on a whim!
> Sylus: After all that arrogance, it seems like you can't even control your own Evol.
> MC: ...At the very least it doesn't want to be activated in front of you!
> *Sylus stares at our interlocked hands blankly for a long time. And finally, he slowly lets go.*

MC backs away, calming down. Then Sylus leans back in his chair and looks at her thoughtfully.
> Sylus: Just as I thought. You're too weak.
> *Sylus pinches the area between his brow, then raps his knuckles on the table.*
> Sylus: Eat as much as you want.
* CN: 吃掉這桌飯。
* MTL: Eat this meal.
* ((Originally flagged by [[lost tr source]].) "Eat this meal" as in "finish everything on the table", "Eat everything here". Given the lavish spread, this makes MC's surprise make sense, as it's more of an assertive/strange order than "eat as much as you want".))

> *He says those words like he's giving out an order that won't be questioned.*
> MC: What? Are you...
> *The word 'insane' is on the tip of my tongue, but I force myself to stop talking. I turn to look at the long, seemingly endless table behind me. It's filled with countless, exquisite dishes, the lavishness almost dizzying.*
> Sylus: I'll give you ten minutes. After you're done, come find me outside the base's entrance. You better hope our deal is successful. Otherwise, consider this your last meal.
