Main Story/02-02.08 Undercurrents.md, before:

# Summary

## Commentary

# Details
The background is of an elegant, classical room with a long, beautifully laquered table.

> *Beams of golden light shine in from the smooth, dark walls. They illuminate the room's elegant decor. On the sofa, Sylus shakes his whiskey glass. The ice cubes swish around, making soft clinking sounds. There's a painting on the wall called 'In Expectation', which depicts angels, demons, and the Grim Reaper sitting around a table.*
> [[Sherman]]: M-Mr. Sylus.
> *The man named Sherman walks into the room and nods humbly at Sylus.
> Sylus looks up, the corner of his mouth curling into a half-smile.
> And then, a dark-colored mist seizes [[Sherman]] by the collar and slams him into the ground.*
> Sherman: Ugh...!
> *Choking and losing energy from the strangulation, Sherman claws at the mist around his neck. But he only leaves bloody scratch marks on his skin.
> Even a meticulously crafted plan is powerless before absolute strength.*
> Sylus: My time is limited so let's cut to the chase.
> Sherman: No, I--I didn't betray you... Ugh!
> Sylus: Oh, I know. You're too much a coward to do it on your own. But the people who said they'd help you replace me must have made an offer only an idiot would refuse.
* ((The original CN is more like "an offer you couldn't refuse", no connotation about "an idiot".([[lost tr source]])))

> *Sylus glances at the clear alcohol in his glass and puts it back on the table.
> *With a faint glow appearing in his right eye, he walks over to Sherman who's sprawled out on the ground.*
> `Mist hisses`
> Sherman: ...!
> Sylus: Tch. I see. Their method of buying traitors is as old-school and uncreative as ever.
> *Enduring an excruciating amount of pain, Sherman finally discards his hypocrisy and scowls.*
> Sherman: Sy... Sylus! Don't think... with them around, you won't be cocky for long!
> *Sylus reveals an intriguing smile and looks down at him.*
> Sylus: Since you chose betrayal... My only option is to make you pay in advance.
> `The scene goes black. Mist hisses.`

The background changes to an elaborate circular banquet hall/ballroom. Skyscrapers are visible outside the floor-to-ceiling windows. A red carpet leads to the circular dance floor. Concentric circle designs decorate the tile in the middle.
> *Inside the banquet hall, people converse and mingle. Countless eyes check me out, both openly and from the shadows. I fiddle with the [[Protocore]]s I bought.*
> MC: (There are traces of other [[Protocurve]]s. These were modified...)
> *I turn around and several pairs of eyes immediately look away. I take this chance to speak in a hushed voice into the earpiece.*
> MC: Sylus, how are things on your end
> ??((Admirer)): Miss, the brooch you're wearing is very exquisite. May I buy it from you?
> *A man wearing a suit suddenly blocks my way. Holding out his hand, he smiles as a faint, blue electric current flashes from his cuff.*
> *Wearing a poker face, I step back and raise my chin.*
> MC: Not interested. Excuse me.
> *The man doesn't budge. He takes another step toward me instead.*
> Admirer: How does ten [[Hightower]]s sound? Ah, the banquet is about to start. Would you like to dance?
> MC: What are [[Hightower]]s?
> Sylus: `(Approaching)` They're special weapons made with high-grade [[Protocore]]s. `(hooking his arm around her waist)` A single [[Hightower]] can obliterate this entire hotel.
> MC: `(gasps)`
> Sylus: `(To the 'admirer')` Sorry, the brooch is a gift from me. `(To MC)` You wanted to sell it?
> MC: Tch. Who knows if you were coming back or not.
> Sylus: Are you disappointed?
> MC: `(quietly)` You!... `(Notices the 'admirer' still watching. Takes a breath and pretends to be coy. Puts a hand on the front of his shoulder.)` He was going to spend a fortune so he could dance with me. What about you? Shouldn't you make an offer as well?
> `The 'admirer' gets the hint and leaves.`
> Sylus: `(faintly smiling)` The [[Aether Core]]'s location.
> MC: `(Eager/surprised, stepping back)` You know where it is?
> Sylus: You'll find out... after this dance. `(leans forward formally, offering a hand)`
> MC: `(Takes his hand)` How are you so sure I'll listen to you?
> Sylus: `(Pulling her onto the dance floor.) Refuse me all you want.
* ((In the original CN, this is more like "Then why don't you refuse?" ([[lost tr source]]) The EN is more vague, with a connotation that Sylus will get his way no matter what, but it can also be taken literally, as in, "You're welcome to refuse." The CN is more clearly cheeky/teasing, making the point that she could refuse if she wants yet choses to stay. EN localized Sylus is a bit bolder, so this is likely a deliberate choice, though I love him calling her bluff.))

Sylus leads MC into a gentle waltz.

Commit message:

Improve formatting for main story files
Add next/prev links to all chapters that were missing them and clean up some inconsistent formatting, missing summaries, etc.

Main Story/02-02.08 Undercurrents.md, after:

# Summary
In a [[Sylus]] PoV scene, he confronts and kills [[Sherman]], who's it's strongly implied has been bought out by [[Ever]] with promises that they'd replace Sylus.

On the dance floor, MC is approached by a man offering to trade [[Hightower]]s for [[Sylus's brooch]], but [[Sylus]] arrives and dismisses him. He tempts MC to dance by promising to tell her the location of the [[Aether Core]] in return.

← [[02-02.07 Roleplay]] | [[02-02.09 Rising Curtains]] →
## Commentary

# Details
The background is of an elegant, classical room with a long, beautifully laquered table.

> *Beams of golden light shine in from the smooth, dark walls. They illuminate the room's elegant decor. On the sofa, Sylus shakes his whiskey glass. The ice cubes swish around, making soft clinking sounds. There's a painting on the wall called 'In Expectation', which depicts angels, demons, and the Grim Reaper sitting around a table.*
> [[Sherman]]: M-Mr. Sylus.
> *The man named Sherman walks into the room and nods humbly at Sylus.
> Sylus looks up, the corner of his mouth curling into a half-smile.
> And then, a dark-colored mist seizes [[Sherman]] by the collar and slams him into the ground.*
> Sherman: Ugh...!
> *Choking and losing energy from the strangulation, Sherman claws at the mist around his neck. But he only leaves bloody scratch marks on his skin.
> Even a meticulously crafted plan is powerless before absolute strength.*
> Sylus: My time is limited so let's cut to the chase.
> Sherman: No, I--I didn't betray you... Ugh!
> Sylus: Oh, I know. You're too much a coward to do it on your own. But the people who said they'd help you replace me must have made an offer only an idiot would refuse.
* ((The original CN is more like "an offer you couldn't refuse", no connotation about "an idiot".([[lost tr source]])))

> *Sylus glances at the clear alcohol in his glass and puts it back on the table.
> *With a faint glow appearing in his right eye, he walks over to Sherman who's sprawled out on the ground.*
> `Mist hisses`
> Sherman: ...!
> Sylus: Tch. I see. Their method of buying traitors is as old-school and uncreative as ever.
> *Enduring an excruciating amount of pain, Sherman finally discards his hypocrisy and scowls.*
> Sherman: Sy... Sylus! Don't think... with them around, you won't be cocky for long!
> *Sylus reveals an intriguing smile and looks down at him.*
> Sylus: Since you chose betrayal... My only option is to make you pay in advance.
> `The scene goes black. Mist hisses.`

The background changes to an elaborate circular banquet hall/ballroom. Skyscrapers are visible outside the floor-to-ceiling windows. A red carpet leads to the circular dance floor. Concentric circle designs decorate the tile in the middle.
> *Inside the banquet hall, people converse and mingle. Countless eyes check me out, both openly and from the shadows. I fiddle with the [[Protocore]]s I bought.*
> MC: (There are traces of other [[Protocurve]]s. These were modified...)
> *I turn around and several pairs of eyes immediately look away. I take this chance to speak in a hushed voice into the earpiece.*
> MC: Sylus, how are things on your end
> ??((Admirer)): Miss, the brooch you're wearing is very exquisite. May I buy it from you?
> *A man wearing a suit suddenly blocks my way. Holding out his hand, he smiles as a faint, blue electric current flashes from his cuff.*
> *Wearing a poker face, I step back and raise my chin.*
> MC: Not interested. Excuse me.
> *The man doesn't budge. He takes another step toward me instead.*
> Admirer: How does ten [[Hightower]]s sound? Ah, the banquet is about to start. Would you like to dance?
> MC: What are [[Hightower]]s?
> Sylus: `(Approaching)` They're special weapons made with high-grade [[Protocore]]s. `(hooking his arm around her waist)` A single [[Hightower]] can obliterate this entire hotel.
> MC: `(gasps)`
> Sylus: `(To the 'admirer')` Sorry, the brooch is a gift from me. `(To MC)` You wanted to sell it?
> MC: Tch. Who knows if you were coming back or not.
> Sylus: Are you disappointed?
> MC: `(quietly)` You!... `(Notices the 'admirer' still watching. Takes a breath and pretends to be coy. Puts a hand on the front of his shoulder.)` He was going to spend a fortune so he could dance with me. What about you? Shouldn't you make an offer as well?
> `The 'admirer' gets the hint and leaves.`
> Sylus: `(faintly smiling)` The [[Aether Core]]'s location.
> MC: `(Eager/surprised, stepping back)` You know where it is?
> Sylus: You'll find out... after this dance. `(leans forward formally, offering a hand)`
> MC: `(Takes his hand)` How are you so sure I'll listen to you?
> Sylus: `(Pulling her onto the dance floor.) Refuse me all you want.
* ((In the original CN, this is more like "Then why don't you refuse?" ([[lost tr source]]) The EN is more vague, with a connotation that Sylus will get his way no matter what, but it can also be taken literally, as in, "You're welcome to refuse." The CN is more clearly cheeky/teasing, making the point that she could refuse if she wants yet choses to stay. EN localized Sylus is a bit bolder, so this is likely a deliberate choice, though I love him calling her bluff.))

Sylus leads MC into a gentle waltz.
