# Summary
After MC (barely) passes the brooch test ([[Midnight Stealth]]), she and Sylus get ready for the auction. She puts on an expensive dress and dazzling jewelry, and they head out. Notably, they wear their matching outfits from [[Sylus - Relentless Conquerer]].

After arriving at the ornate [[Solon Hotel]], Sylus is quickly called away by a server who says they've been expecting him. MC is left in the main auction hall, lined with [[Protocore]]s, to make a scene. Sylus criticizes her initial highball offer for being too low, so she doubles his suggestion and buys them all.
## Commentary
We'll find out soon that Sylus is indeed on his way to meet [[Sherman]].

# Details
Picks up after [[Midnight Stealth]].

>*In the dim lighting, the crow brooch on my chest gleams a dark red reminiscent of wine. After some twists and turns, I finally got the brooch from Sylus. He kept his promise and agreed to help me obtain the [[Aether Core]]. With an expensive dress and dazzling jewelry, my reflection in the mirror is strange yet sufficiently alluring.*
>Sylus: It suits you.
>*Another figure enters the mirror's reflection. Sylus leans lazily against the doorway.*
>Sylus: No one can stay wary when there's a beauty walking around.
* (Alt: No one can stay wary when there's a pretty bird flitting around.)
* ((The original CN here isn't "beauty" but "pretty vase", an idiom for a beautiful woman, but slightly derogatory, with an "empty headed" connotation. My alt above uses the similar EN phrase "bird" to complete the word play. ([[lost tr source]])))
> MC: Hmph, this beauty will bash your skull in sooner or later.
* (Alt: Hmph, this bird will peck your eyes out sooner or later.)
* ((I.e. "this vase will bash your skull in". The EN "beauty" above loses the wordplay.))

> *I turn around and walk up to scrutinize him.*
> MC: You're just going to waltz right into a dangerous auction without a plan?
> Sylus: I like how you assume I didn't make one. Find a way to make everyone lower their guard first. Then lure out the ones with ill intentions and get rid of them. Then I'll cover you while you fetch the [[Aether Core]]'s other half.
> MC: ...That's it?
> Sylus: It won't fail. Promise.
* ((The CN here is "It's foolproof" ([[lost tr source]]). The important connotation is this is an assured/confident "It can't fail" not forceful/wishful thinking.))

> *Sylus gives me another once-over. I angrily take his outstretched hand and walk out the door with him.*
> MC: You better not be a liability later.
> *To deal with the real masterminds behind the auction, I can only ally myself with someone deadlier than the enemy. All the information I've gathered has created an intricate web of conspiracies. Now it's time to tear it up.*

The background changes to a reddish pink nebula.
> In the sky, the stars are devoured by an endless darkness.
> The [[Deepspace Tunnel]] is silent, seemingly frozen in time. Suddenly, there's a thud, a pulse resembling a heartbeat.
> Cosmic dust silently fills the air. Something penetrates the invisible barrier...
> And slowly opens its eyes.
* ((See: [[cosmic heartbeat]]))

At the ornate [[Solon Hotel]]. Sylus and MC walk up a plush red carpet and head further inside. MC hesitates.
> Sylus: It's not too late to back out now. `(Holds out his arm)` If you want to.
> MC: Focus on yourself first.
* ((A callback to his line in [[02-02.04 The First Deal]]))
 > MC: Stay frosty. `(takes his arm)` It's show time.
* ((In the original CN she's asking him to steady her, a callback to when she made him promise to stay by her side ([[lost tr source]]). The EN localization continues to portray MC as more confident (or at least trying to appear confident). Note that "stay frosty" is military slang and something [[Caleb]]'s says often, so this may be an intentional reference to something she picked up from him.))

A red carpet leads up the center of the hall. On either side, protocores in glass cylinders rest on tables draped with cloth that resemble pedestals. Other well-dressed people chat and mingle.

> MC: `(Looking around the hall)` (One, two, three guys... That's quite the ambush.)
> Background chatter: Is that Sylus? I thought he was dead. // Who's that next to him?
> MC: `(Looking up at Sylus)` Sylus, are you sure they'll bite?
> Sylus: `(smugly)` Hm, it depends on your performance.
> Server A: Mr. Sylus. We've been expecting you.
> Sylus: `(Leaning over to give her the communicator again)` I assume you already know how to act as good bait.
* This references the events in [[02-02.04 The First Deal]], which MC later figured out was him using her as bait to clean up.

As she looks at him, he glances away for a moment with a "hm."
> Sylus: I'll be back soon. Have fun. `(Hands her a black and gold bank card)`
> `MC takes the card and walks along the displayed protocores. One is labeled 92,000
> MC: (These are ordinary [[Protocore]]s... good thing they aren't bombs.) 
> `A red diamond-shaped protocore crackles. It's labeled 70,000.` 
> MC: (Hmm? Something's off about this one... Was it tampered with?) 
> Server B: `(Approaching)` Did anything catch your eye, Miss? There are even better ones on that side.
> MC: Heh. The stuff you have is pretty mediocre. `(Loudly to the communicator)` Sylus, it's okay for me to purchase a few items with your card, right?
> Sylus: `(tersely)` Don't bother me with such trivial matters.
> MC: Hmph. I'll take this for one million. Please wrap it up for me.
> Sylus: `(tersely)` Five million.
> MC: `(whispered)` Why?
> Sylus: Your offer will make people think I'm broke. Wouldn't want that, sweetie."
> MC: `(scoffs)` (... In that case, I won't hold back.) I changed my mind. Ten million. Are these all the [[Protocore]]s you've got? I'll buy everything.
> Sylus: `(light scoff)` Pompous.

