# Summary
Red-black mist stops the bullet mid-air, causing it to glow red-hot before shattering it. The same mist lifts the [[Man in Black]] off the ground, then consumes the man, turning him into more mist.

A bell tolls in the church's crumbling tower, revealing [[Sylus]]. Shifting into a ball of energy, he drops to the ground and re-materializes, and Mephisto lands on his shoulder. [[Luke and Kieran]] kneel deferentially, and he commands them to "Take out the vermin that are still running amok."

Sylus then examines MC, who recognizes his voice ((from [[01-07.01 Investigation]] and from [[Beyond Cloudfall]])) then uses his right eye on her. Whispers fill her ears--begging her to kill him, take his eyes, take her power.

Disturbed, she tries to look away, but when she sees the [[Man in Black]]'s discarded knife, she grabs it and tries to use it to stab [[Sylus's Eye]]. He stops her with his mist, commenting that she must not remember anything, then forces her to meet his gaze again, and the whispers return.

A brief speech about her future crimes and them being kindred spirits ends in MC blacking out.

## Commentary

### "Alike"
The name of this chapter has a double meaning. It represents both the arrival of the twins, who are mirrors of each other, and also the reveal here that Sylus and MC are "kindred spirits". (Or even more impactfully, as mentioned in [[Beyond Cloudfall]], "the only two of their kind".)
### The "real" Onychinus
Later, we learn that [[Sylus]] has been away, and in the meantime [[Sherman]] has been running [[Onychinus]] and getting into bed with [[Ever]]. Sylus's loyal followers, [[Luke and Kieran]], have been keeping tabs on Sherman which is how they have the intel necessary to intercept MC. So, while she thinks she's heading into danger, she's actually headed to the only safe place in the [[N109 Zone]].

## A remembered voice
When [[MC]] first hears Sylus speak, she recognizes his voice--for two reasons:
* In [[01-07.01 Investigation]], she memorized the audio clip of the person who murdered the [[Ever]] researcher
* Sylus being there in person also stirs her memories of [[Beyond Cloudfall]] across space and time--hence the ticking clock and the memory of blood on her hands.

From the rest of her reaction, Sylus soon realizes she doesn't remember anything else, so he attempts to jog her memory. This is a large part of his motivation for using his eye on her to "reveal" her desires--in [[Beyond Cloudfall]], she also coveted his eye and his power. And the whispers she hears confirm that the fated bond is still there between them, as she still is drawn to that power. We get that delicious combination of actions that seem sinister initially, then fall into place with the context of [[Beyond Cloudfall]].

### Aether Soul
When MC asks if Sylus is there for "the core" he responds that even if she wanted to "sell her soul" she has to find someone who can pay the price. This references two key things:
* The [[Aether Core]] is more than just fragments by her heart like in [[Protocore Syndrome]]. As [[Zayne]] and [[Dr. Noah]] suggested, it's part of her innate power--akin to her soul.
* In [[Beyond Cloudfall]], MC has already made a deal with her soul--she gave Sylus half her soul, and in return he gave her half of his, forging an unbreakable bond. Though their souls more or less reverted to their bodies due to Sylus's "death", this is the only kind of "price" valuable enough to trade for the [[Aether Core]]'s power.

# Details
No sooner has the gun fired than red-black mist swirls around the [[Man in Black]] and the bullet from his gun. The bullet glows red-hot as the man groans in pain. The bullet shatters in midair, the gun is pulled out of the man's grasp, then mist lifts and chokes the man.

[[Luke and Kieran]] laugh and wave cheekily, walking away from the man. A moment later, he dissipates into mist.

The church's bell tolls in its crumbling tower. The fresh mist flows up to the silhouette of an ominous figure--[[Sylus]].
* ((Given the hint in [[Land of Lost]] about energy absorption, and Sylus having the Energy Manipulation [[Evol]], the mist flowing towards him hints that he's able to absorb the energy of the people he kills in this way, fueling his power.))

[[Mephisto]] lands on [[Sylus]]'s shoulder. Sylus's body turns to a red ball of energy as he steps off the tower, then lands at its base. [[Luke and Kieran]] kneel deferentially.

[[Mephisto]] also re-materializes from mist on [[Sylus]]'s shoulder.
> Sylus: Take out the vermin that're still running amok.
> [[Luke and Kieran]]: Yes, sir!

Sylus approaches MC where she sits on the ground, still recovering from the neurotoxin and being thrown around by the [[Man in Black]].

Sylus examines MC, then scoffs.
> MC: You're also here for the core, right?

Sylus kneels down.
> Sylus: Even if you wanted to sell your soul, you'd still have to find someone willing to pay the price.
* ((This reveals that Sylus knows that this [[Aether Core]] isn't separate from MC--it's her own inner power, synonymous to her soul. He implies here that it's priceless.))

MC looks down, thinking that she's heard this voice before.
* ((This has a really compelling double-meaning. In the main story, she *has* heard this voice before--in [[01-07.01 Investigation]] there was an audio clip from the murderer that she memorized. But there may also be a deeper recognition from their history in [[Beyond Cloudfall]] that the audio clip alone couldn't trigger. Either way, when Sylus sees the recognition in her expression, he'd assume it's due to their past.))

Sylus lifts MC's chin to return her gaze to his as his right eye begins to glow red. (see [[Sylus's Eye]])
> Sylus: Look at me.
> MC: You!
> Whispers: Possess him. Devour him. Do that and you'll gain the power you've always dreamed of...

A clock ticks. MC's vision flashes between Sylus's face in the present and a memory of her hands soaked in blood. Sylus's face blurs in the glow, and a film-grain effect distorts even the present.

> Whispers: The power, it's yours for the taking. You just... kill him...
> MC: (My head... It hurts... But why... I can't look into his eye!)

MC forces herself to look away, reaching out along the ground. She finds the [[Man in Black]]'s discarded knife and grabs it. Not entirely in control of her "desires", she quickly stabs at his eye--and her wrist is caught by mist, so she only makes a shallow cut along his cheek bone.

Sylus returns his fingers to her chin and chuckles, expression amused and even affectionate. He wipes the cut away with his thumb as if it's just a smudge, the blood and injury dissolving into red mist. He smirks.
> Sylus: Is this how you greet a new friend?

With the back of the fingers of his other hand, he strokes her cheek.

> Sylus: I guess you don't remember anything. ... Allow me to jog your memory.

This time, Sylus grips her chin/jaw more firmly, forcing her to meet his gaze. 

> MC: L-let go of me!

A heartbeat is heard as MC struggles to free herself and look away. Sylus's expression is intense, the red glow effect returning.

> Sylus: From your past to your future... To even all the crimes you'll inevitably commit. After all, you and I, we're the same, true kindred spirits.
* ((Per my memory of a translation note that's since been taken down, in the original CN, there's a nuance here of "you and I are the only ones of our kind". "Kindred spirits" is a fair and concise localization (necessary because EN uses more words for the same meaning and these cutscenes have the same timing in all languages, see also [[!Localization Index#Odd dialogue pacing in cutscenes]]) but in [[Beyond Cloudfall]] there's a really poignant moment where they discuss how they're the only two of their kind (that is, the only two that go after their true desires) that the CN calls back to. It's such a delicious call-back for them that it's worth noting here.))

MC's vision progressively blurs, then goes dark.