# Summary
[[MC]] emerges from the base, and [[Sylus]] takes her via motorcycle to the [[Odd Workshop]]. There, they meet [[Philip]] (who's identified as the "Shopkeeper") who seems to have a familiar and even friendly relationship with Sylus. Their conversation reveals that [[Sylus]] wasn't behind the [[Bloomshore District explosion]]--someone else was. (We later learn it's [[Sherman]]'s branch of [[Onychinus]].)

Sylus requests that Philip try his '[[Evol]] Linkage Alteration' project on her, but Philip reports that her linkage is normal--only the power's been suppressed. Sylus then reveals that Philip's been working on a modified [[Wanderer]], which Sylus activates. He figures if her power's suppressed, she just needs the right stimulation.

## Commentary
### Sylus's motives
Here, we see a bit more of Sylus's problem-solving. He's laser-focused on resonating with her--previously, this allowed their power to mingle, and he likely hopes that this will bring back her memories. 

# Details

Sylus waits outside, leaning against his motorcycle. MC grumbles internally, noting she "must have been really drunk to make a deal with this monster." As she approaches, Sylus looks over at her and tosses her a helmet.

> MC: Are we going to experience the sights and sounds of the N109 Zone?
> Sylus: Do you have nine lives? Curiosity killed the cat.
> MC: `(Sassy)` Then I shouldn't go.
> `MC backs up and offers Sylus the helmet back. He scoffs, turning to her and putting the helmet on her head, fastening it for her. 
> Sylus: You like to bargain, don't you?
> `Then he straddles the bike, and his mist lifts her up and deposits her behind him. 
> Sylus: But you're not yet qualified.
> `She has no choice but to grab him and hold on as he accelerates.`
> MC: Are there no speed limits in the N109 Zone?!

The bike arrives at its destination, and mist deposits MC back onto the ground again. As MC sighs internally that she still doesn't know where the auction is, Sylus tilts her face up to him.
> Sylus: If you want to stay out of trouble, behave yourself inside.
> MC: And if I refuse?
> `Red-black mist gathers. MC winces and groans.`
> MC: ...It hurts!
> Sylus: `(Expressionless.)` You'll hurt even more.

The mist drops her, and Sylus turns to walk inside. She reluctantly follows. Sylus is carrying a piece of dark fabric.

Once inside:
> [[Philip]] (Shopkeeper): Who is it? If you want to order something, bring your own [[Protocore]]. I won't accept anything that isn't high grade.
> `Sylus pulls over a chair and sits down. He picks up a pocket knife off the table and it crackles with electricity.`
> Philip: Mr Sylus? You don't usually do surprise visits.
> Sylus: `(Looking at the knife.)` I got you a guinea pig. It's time for your Evol Linkage Alteration project to have a living test subject.
> MC: Wait... You want to alter me?!
> `She goes to reach for the exit, but mist slams the door shut.`
> MC: (You bastard...)
> `Sylus finally looks up at her with a slight smirk.`
> Philip: In that case, let me take a look first.
> `He beckons MC over to a large chair with glowing lights on the sides. Once in the chair, her right wrist is through a metal loop on the arm and a holo screen shows a progress indicator. Sylus fidgets with the knife. MC turns to Philip, speaking softly.`
> MC: Sir, you're not actually going to alter me, right? I'm just a normal Evolver.
> Philip: `(Sighs)` Trying to bargain with me is pointless. No one can change Sylus's mind. `(surprised)` *You* have the Resonance Evol?
> MC: Uh... `(looks around)`
> `As MC looks to Sylus, he stares ahead, perpendicular to both of them, dropping the electrified knife as if bored.`
> Sylus: Did they do anything while I was gone?
> `He looks at MC as he finishes speaking.`
> Philip: Nothing too dramatic. Just two explosions--one in the [[northern suburbs]] and one in the [[Bloomshore District]]. (([[Bloomshore District explosion]]))
> MC: ([[Bloomshore District]]? This is related to [[Grandma]]...)
> Sylus: They just made a bunch of shoddy products. `(scoffs)` I overestimated them.
> Philip: And after doing those shameless things and making a mess, then they want you to be their scapegoat.
> MC: What are you talking about? Someone made those two explosions happen?
> Sylus: `(dryly, looking away)` Oh dear, you look disappointed. Hmph. `(looking toward her)` Instead of searching for the truth, you'd rather swallow a lie that makes you feel better.
> `The chair's wrist closure opens.`
> Philip: I'm afraid she's not a suitable recipient. Her Evol Linkage is completely normal. Only the strength's been suppressed.
> Sylus: `(Looking at her)` Did someone put in a suppressor?
> Philip: I don't think it's physical.
* ((Compare to the note in [[Josephine's secret notes]] that the [[Aether Core]]'s power was only half its prior value after the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]] where [[MC]] was alone.))

Sylus stands and tosses aside the fabric he's been holding, walking towards MC. She holds up a hand defensively.

> MC: It's not my fault. I can resonate just fine with others.
> `Sylus tilts his head, evaluating her.`
> Sylus: And that thing I asked you to alter... How's that?
> Philip: Eh... it was difficult, but the maximum energy burst value has been increased tenfold. `(he hits a button on his glove, and a set of heavy metal doors slides open, revealing a Wanderer.`
> MC: (That's the 'little thing'?!)
> Philip: Are you really going to use it?
> `Sylus reaches out a hand and mist wreathes his hand and the modified Wanderer, sparking at its chest, bringing it to life.`
> Sylus: She's suppressed, right? She just needs a little stimulation then.
