# Summary
In a flashback that occurs in the middle of this chapter, MC panicked and tried to save him--but he was in no danger in the first place. She wants to take his life, but it's not possible. ((She already claimed his soul in [[Beyond Cloudfall]] and cursed him to immortality.)) Sylus's wound melts away, and MC becomes unconscious again.

A day later, she wakes to [[Luke and Kieran]] watching over her. They jokingly debate horrifying ways to wake her up, but once she's conscious, they try (poorly) to convince her to stick around and that the base is the safest place for her to be. They mention they saved her from "that ungrateful traitor" (which we'll later learn is [[Sherman]]).

MC believes that the twins are there to keep her from escaping, so she bluffs with a laser pointer to threaten Luke--but Kieran opens the door for her, saying nobody said she wasn't allowed to leave.

## Commentary

### But I already gave it to you
As noted below, Sylus's line of "And so you've taken it" could be better translated as "But I already gave it to you" or "But you already had it" as the CN makes the reference to [[Beyond Cloudfall]] explicit. 

Thematically, nothing new happens when she shoots him--he is already immortal because of their pre-existing deal. His staying alive is proof she already claimed his life. There's already so many references to their past that it's odd that this isn't one--but there's a chance the EN localization team simply didn't have the full context when they did the translation, since the lore is quite complex and Beyond Cloudfall hadn't been released yet.

Furthermore, when Sylus next asks "Have you already figured out how you're going to pay me back?" he's not talking about when she shot him just now--he's talking overall about the curse of immortality she gave him at the end of [[Beyond Cloudfall]]. This is reinforced by his prior comment that she owes him "a curtain call grander than death itself". A "curtain call" is an "end", and it must be "grander than death itself" because his curse makes him immune to death.

This is a relatively consequential nuance and a good one to be aware of when thinking about their overall relationship.

### The dream
MC's dream of a hole in the abdomen, an insatiable hunger, evokes not only a sense of her empathizing with the gunshot wound she gave [[Sylus]], but also the sword through his chest and the insatiability of her own hunger, all themes that run through [[Beyond Cloudfall]]. Crucially, it indicates that she's "remembering" that version of herself across time.

### References to Luke and Kieran's eyes/face
There are some minor continuity mistakes in this section where the twins' eyes/faces are referred to, but these aren't visible through their masks. Crucially, one of the twins (most likely Kieran, see [[Luke and Kieran]]) has scars around his eyes, which is the whole reason their faces are hidden. Not a consequential issue, but worth noting for fanfic.

# Details
The events are given out-of-order with a flashback, so they're recorded in chronological order here for clarity:

**Flashback:**
The gun fires. Blood spatters across Sylus's face and MC's hand. Sylus gives a soft laugh.
> MC: You! Are you crazy?!

Sylus's expression is pained but with a smile, as if he's savoring the feeling. Then he grows serious.
> Sylus: You wanted to take my life. And so you've taken it.
* ((Based on my memory of a translation note that's since been deleted, "And so you've taken it" could be more appropriately translated as "But you already had it" or "I already gave it to you". In the CN, the reference to [[Beyond Cloudfall]] is more clear. See commentary above for more discussion.))

Sylus throws the gun aside.

> Sylus: Now what? Have you already going to figure out how you'll pay me back?
* ((See commentary above for more discussion on the meaning of this line also))

> MC: No! You can't die yet!

She places her hands over the bullet hole to apply pressure, looking around for help or supplies.

> Sylus: [Dryly amused] Why? Are you worried about me? [Red mist swirls and erases the wound as it did before. Sylus's expression darkens, tone intensifying] Save that for the day you actually succeed in killing me.

His blood evaporates from her hand.

((The scene ends, and we can assume that MC lost consciousness again.))


**Start of scene**:
MC dreams:
> With all senses gone, only the abdominal cavity spasms and contracts. It were as if the body had a hole. Water, food, or something else... Anything to fill this emptiness would be good.
> Whispers: Devour him... It's your... power...

A clock ticks. A red sphere glows, surrounded by a rippling halo of light. This image evokes both the [[Aether Core]] and [[the giant red eye]].

> In pitch-black darkness, eerie whispers flood my mind once more. They bubble only to suddenly stop, leaving cold air to gnaw at my memory.
> MC: (My head hurts...)
> Luke: She won't be sleeping forever, right? She's been unconscious for one day. We need to wake her up.
> Kieran: Easy, just open up the back of her head. Drill a hole and...
> *Waking up from a hazy nightmare, I open my eyes. I can still feel the numbness from the gun's recoil in my hand.
> When I make eye contact with them, the pupils of two young men who look alike instantly contract. They quickly hide their drills and darts up their sleeves.
> The air freezes for a moment. I sit up.*
> MC: You two--

Luke tries to claim there's only one of them, as is their usual MO. MC scans her surroundings, finding that the room is "old and dark" and there's a grey blanket on the bed frame. [[Luke and Kieran]] continue their shenanigans, then introduce themselves, attempting to provide assurances in their own (not very effective) way that MC is safe. Luke says they saved her "from that ungrateful traitor".

MC reflects on the events of the past four days, concluding that the twins are here to monitor her for Sylus, and that while she expected danger she didn't expect "Onychinus's leader to be an unreasonable monster..."

MC flashes back to when the gun went off, which is described above in chronological order.

MC reflects:
> Forcing me to resonate with him, then tricking me into thinking I've killed him... He's insane.
> I wonder if he's keeping me in another location right. now. Or maybe he got bored. 
> Even though the [[Aether Core]]'s other half is in [[Onychinus]]'s hands, being trapped here puts me in a vulnerable position.
* ((This is a reference to the [[Aether Core]] that [[Sherman]] will be offering at the [[Protocore auction]], and MC doesn't yet realize that Sylus doesn't have it. This is the first time we see "other half" in reference to the Aether Core, and while MC does end up absorbing the core, there's been no reason at this point for her to think or know that either Aether Core is "incomplete" or that one can absorb the other. So, this is likely a slip-up that can be ignored, either in the original CN or in the localization.))

MC silently resolves that she needs to escape and look for more clues.

Luke and Kieran continue their efforts to persuade MC that she ought to stick around. It will soon become clear that they aren't there to prevent her from escaping--they really are there to try to convince her to stay out of concern for their safety. They're just kinda sketchy about it. 

Luke warns her that if she leaves, many people are looking for her after her appearance at [[The Nest]]. Kieran adds that she'd only get lost in "the chaos of this no-man's-land".
* ((Per the translation note about the title of [[Land of Lost]], which could also be translated No Man's Land or "Masterless Land", this is likely meant to be a wink at Sylus's anecdote. Regardless, the parallels between the [[N109 Zone]] and [[Feathers Planet]] as lawless, violent places are clear.))

Luke and Kieran finish with a cheeky sales pitch:
> Luke: Wanderers will eat you up. They also won't leave behind any crumbs. So...
> Together: Stay here with our boss!
> Kieran: Throw away all morality and compassion, and this place will be a paradise!
> MC: ... By the way, who's older? You two are basically identical twins.
> Luke: Take a guess.
> MC: Could you come closer so I can get a better look?

When Luke obliges, MC bluffs with a laser pointer, pretending it's a weapon. Kieran opens the door for her--but also comments that they never said she wasn't allowed to leave.

((Luke and Kieran do seem legitimately credulous here, and given the context that they're goofy, mischievous eighteen year olds at this point, it's a humorous exchange. They'll get their revenge with their own similar prank later though in [[Midnight Stealth]].))




