# Summary
As gunfire erupts in [[Elysium]], [[MC]] and the [[Little Girl]] hide in a utility closet. The [[Shopkeeper]] doesn't sell them out--yet, since she can get a better price from the right person.

As an opening gives MC a chance to make a run for it, [[Sylus]] appears and stops her. She spins and points a gun at him, then he directs her back at the thugs. As he strangles most of them, [[Wire Jaw]] hears his voice and panics. [[Wanderer]]s suddenly appear, and [[Sylus]] grabs her gun and aims it at them, pulling the trigger.

← [[02-02.01 Alone]] | [[02-02.03 Battle - Azure Silhouette]] →
## Commentary
Hints at how [[Wire Jaw]] summoned the [[Wanderer]]s are revealed shortly.

# Details
> *Gunfire and the sound of tables and chairs getting knocked over intermingle with [[N109 Zone]] slang I don't understand. In the hidden utility room, I hug the [[Little Girl]] tightly as I look out the secret window that's facing the lobby.*
> [[Little Girl]]: `(Excited)` There are so many people. Today's a good day for bus--Mmph!
> MC: Do you have a death wish? Hide and don't talk.
> *The floor is soaked in blood, and the mice hiding under the floorboards scamper away in fear.
> Whistling, the man casually strolls over to the bar, rings the bell, and then shoves a photo in front of the [[Shopkeeper]].*
> [[Wire Jaw]]: I suggest you bring out our guest. Mr. [[Sherman]]'s not going to sit around and leave her unattended.
> MC: (Isn't [[Sylus]] the leader of [[Onychinus]]? Who's Mr. [[Sherman]]...)
> Shopkeeper: I'm sorry, she's not here. I'd remember a pretty face if she actually showed up.
> [[Wire Jaw]]: Gonna keep your mouth shut? Fine.
> *He turns around to face his comrades. His broken, wire-bound jaw opens as he lets out a hoarse cackle.*
> [[Wire Jaw]]: Pry open their mouths one at a time. Someone will spill the beans sooner or later.
> [[Shopkeeper]]: `(Whispering)` Missy, they're looking for you, right?

MC asks if the shopkeeper will hand her over, and readies to use the [[liquid-filled needle]] that [[Xavier]] gave her, which is a tranquilizer that could "paralyze an elephant". The shopkeeper replies that a target of [[Onychinus]]'s is valuable, and she can get a better price from the right person.

Suddenly, [[Mephisto]] swoops in and dives at [[Wire Jaw]], razor-sharp wings aimed at him. MC tries to sneak out of the utility closet and roll away, but [[Sylus]] grabs her by the collar. She turns to shoot him, then sees who it is.
> Sylus: So when someone saves you, do you always point your gun at them to express your gratitude?
> *Several bullets graze him only to dissipate into dust. The people who fired the shots are strangled by something. They slump to the ground, dead.*
> *Remembering the rumors I heard before as well as this "Mr. [[Sherman]]", I'm quiet as I look around.*
> MC: Your underlings aren't exactly obedient.
> *Before my mockery, Sylus's mouth twitches as if he wants to say something. But in the end, he just purses his lips.*
> Sylus: Focus on yourself first.
> *Hearing Sylus's voice, the search party's leader suddenly panics. A cloud of energy particles gathers around him... Several [[Wanderer]]s quickly materialize. Roaring, they rush straight for us.*
> MC: Are they calling for backup because they can't win? How is this not cheating?
> *Sylus grabs my wrist and holds me in his arms. He slides his finger over the trigger of my gun, aiming the weapon at the figure in the center of the room.*
> Sylus: Do you expect people from the [[N109 Zone]] to be nice and polite?