# Summary
[[Sylus]] and [[MC]] make a deal--if she can hold her own for five minutes, he'll take her to the [[Protocore auction]]. He shoots out the lights to buy her time, puts a communicator in her ear, then leaves. [[Mephisto]] decides to help her, showing her where to aim in the darkness.

Trying to stop the endless onslaught, she brings down alcohol from the barrels on the ceiling and sets it aflame. The beings don't even cry out. Illuminated by the flames, their crystalline faces look more human than Wanderer. (See also [[human-like Wanderer]]s, [[human to Wanderer transformation]].)

## Commentary
It's revealed in the next scene that [[Wire Jaw]] kicked off the [[Wanderer]] attack, then fled. [[Sylus]] has gone to chase him down.

# Details
> *The room is a complete mess with broken objects and overturned tables and chairs strewn about. Wanderers k eep appearing one after another. I fall back to the window and think about how likely we can make a run for it.*
> [[MC]]: We can't wipe them out... Our only option is to retreat.
> [[Sylus]]: Do you really believe 'retreat' is a word in my dictionary?
> *While I'm anxious and tired, Sylus is infuriatingly calm and smug.*
> MC: Oh, so you like being a freeloader, Mr. Sylus? Didn't you see me fighting for my life earlier?
> Sylus: Since when was I required to investigate the files the [[Hunters Association]] had on you?
> MC: ...
> Sylus: Consider this training practice. Get ready.
> *Sylus ignores my protests and aims my gun at the switch box on the wall.*
> Sylus: You won't get any help.
* ((According to my memory of a translation note that's since been taken down, the original CN refers to this as a "closed book test", paralleled with the "open book test" later.))

> *A gun is fired, and the lights go out. Sylus quickly vanishes. Realizing I've been left behind again, colorful curses boil on the tip of my tongue.*
> Sylus: Let's make a deal.
> MC: Aren't you going to leave? I can't resonate with you.
> Sylus: `(Laughs)` If you'd like to attend the auction tomorrow, stand your ground for five minutes. And should you have the audacity to die on me--
> *He lifts his hand and puts a communicator in my hear. Then he speaks in a surprisingly gentle tone.*
> Sylus: You actually *will* meet your end.
> *Dim neon light seeps in through the cracks in the windows, illuminating the cold rain. The darkness is eerily still, freezing sound and light. I hold my breath and grip my gun more tightly.*
> MC: (Stay calm... It's not like I haven't done similar shooting exercises before.)
> *I hear heavy footsteps as something approaches. It sounds like a monster trampling on the ground.*
> Sylus: `(Over the communicator)` You're breathing too loudly.
> MC: ...So you're in the comms channel.
> Sylus: I didn't turn off the lights to force you into combat. We're stalling for time.
> MC: You really are something. You didn't retreat, right? Am I just trying to buy some time for you?
> *A crow suddenly caws outside the window. Its loud, unpleasant cry is familiar.*
> *I hear the flapping of wings and mechanical movements in the darkness. Sylus laughs disdainfully.*
> Sylus: Aim at [[Mephisto]].
> MC: Who?
> Sylus: The crow. He's trying to help you.
> *I aim my gun at [[Mephisto]]'s red eyes. Sure enough, as I fire, I hear [[Wanderer]]s dissipate one after another.*
> MC: (Strange... It doesn't seem like the number of enemies is decreasing.)
> MC: Sylus, if they can't clone themselves like bacteria, they're usually immortal like you. Sylus?
> *There's no response. It's as if our call was suddenly cut off.*
> MC: (Did something happen to him?)
> *But right now, I have no time to wonder if he's safe or not. There are still figures in the darkness that are heading straight for me. Desperate, I shoot the wine barrels that decorate the ceiling. A cascade of alcohol rains down.
> My bullets instantly set them aflame. Then I hear the crackling of something burning. Yet the figures don't cry out. They don't even stop for a second.
> Amidst the blue firelight, I see their faces--Under the corroded, crystallized skin, they seem to have human faces... They resemble humans more than [[Wanderer]]s.*
* ((Compare to [[human to Wanderer transformation]]))