# Summary
The [[Little Girl]] leads [[MC]] to [[Elysium]] where she meets its [[Shopkeeper]]. The young woman tells her that information on the [[Protocore auction]] will be expensive, and allows MC to eavesdrop on the gambling room in the back to make a point. They talk about how [[Sylus]] has been gone, the auction will be at the [[Solon Hotel]], and [[Sherman]]'s thugs have been bold lately.

Said thugs arrive shortly after, declaring that [[Onychinus]]'s guest has "gone missing". This is a clue that the [[Man in Black]] was originally working with [[Sherman]], and [[Sylus]] intercepted [[MC]].

## Commentary
### Draconic Sylus
The [[Little Girl]] mentions that Sylus is a monster with horns and wings, which evokes the image of a demon, but is also Sylus's draconic appearance in [[Beyond Cloudfall]]. Since the myth mentions him learning to hide his wings, we can infer that he still has his wings and horns and usually hides them. At some point, someone in the [[N109 Zone]] saw them and the rumor spread, along with other fantastical rumors like those that [[Luke and Kieran]] gather in [[WU-10 Mischief]].

# Details
The [[Little Girl]] shows [[MC]] into [[Elysium]].

> Little Girl: Auntie, an outsider--I mean, a lady is here to buy something!
> *Under the dim yellow light, a young woman is hunched over behind the bar. Bored, she's fiddling with some cards. In the center of the graffiti-covered wall is the establishment's somewhat gaudy name: [[Elysium]].*
> [[Shopkeeper]]: What do you want?
> MC: A list of people who are attending [[Onychinus]]'s [[Protocore auction]] and a map of the venue. How much?
> *The woman turns around, looks me up and down with interest, then makes a gesture.*
> [[Shopkeeper]]: Fifty thousand.
> MC: Just for two pieces of intel?!
> *She wags her finger.*
> Shopkeeper: Fifty thousand per word.
> MC: ...
> Shopkeeper: Since you're new and pretty, I'll give you a 5% discount. What do you think?
> MC: You're so generous...
> *There's a useful card in my pocket next to that so-called family crest, but I'm worried that using the card could cause trouble. Seeing my hesitation, she shrugs and opens a door. 
> Loud chatter mixed with the sound of rolling dice, spinning roulettes, and card shufflers fills the air.*

Customers discuss the auction, revealing it will take place at [[Solon Hotel]]. They talk about getting invitations, someone saying the best way is to give [[Sylus]] what he wants. Another replies you'll have to find him first.
> Haven't you heard? While he was away, big changes happened in their ranks...
> MC: (That explains why it seemed like no one lived in that house for a really long time...)

The shopkeeper closes the door, having established why the intel is so expensive. She refers to Sylus as one of the N109 Zone's bigshots. MC then asks for information about [[Onychinus]].

> *She freezes for a second then leans in to whisper in my ear.*
> Shopkeeper: Missy, don't pry into things you shouldn't know. `(Louder)` I still got business to take care of.

MC heads into the gambling room to eavesdrop. Customers continue chatting about Sylus potentially being missing or dead.
> Didn't you see how arrogant [[Sherman]]'s punks have been lately? If [[Sylus]] was with [[Onychinus]], they wouldn't even dare to be bold.

MC muses,
> (If he died, he'd drag the entire [[N109 Zone]] to hell with him. That's just how he is.)

The [[Little Girl]] offers a black flower. MC asks if she knows about Sylus.
> [[Little Girl]]: Yeah! He's a monster with huge wings that never dies. And he has horns! If I don't listen to Auntie, Sylus will find me and feed me to his man-eating birdie.
> MC: (...Is she talking about the crow?)
> *Everyone is afraid of Sylus, yet they keep trying to make deals with him. Not to mention, he took the initiative to propose a deal with me. Maybe my Evol can be used as a valuable tool against him...
> Suddenly, several gunshots ring out, piercing my eardrums. Everyone looks up at the entrance--*
> ?? (([[Wire Jaw]])): We got a party tonight.
> *Bang! The door with broken bolts falls over, and a pair of leather boots steps over it.*
> (([[Wire Jaw]])): Don't be nervous. [[Onychinus]]'s important guest got lost. I'd like to ask everyone to cooperate with our search.
> *A person wearing sunglasses walks in. He's flanked by half a dozen gun-toting men dressed in black. The sound of guns being loaded with bullets can be heard.*
> (([[Wire Jaw]])): Shut the door and search the room. Everyone's about to be... entertained.

