# Summary
Sylus and MC reach the rooftop and find a [[Flux Nexus]] containing the [[Aether Core]]. MC resonates with it and touches the core, but then a massive [[Wanderer]] flies out of the [[Deepspace Tunnel]]. ((It's lightly implied to be the source of the [[cosmic heartbeat]]s, but they persist after the [[Arbiterwings]] is defeated.))

It unfurls a massive [[Protofield]] and attacks.

← [[02-02.09 Rising Curtains]] | [[02-02.11 Battle - Into the Vortex]] →
## Commentary

### Research facility
There's a nonzero chance this rooftop of the [[Solon Hotel]] is the [[Gaia Research Center]] where [[MC]] was being observed, especially in relation to [[MC#Theories#MC and the Deepspace Tunnel]]. But there's no specific hints that it is/isn't at this point.

### Source of the Wanderer
Between the [[Aeonwyrm]] and [[modified Protocore]] in [[No-Hunt Zone 7]], the connection between [[duckbill cap man]] and the traitor [[Backtrackers]], and [[Sherman]] working for [[Ever]], we can conclude that the Arbiterwings was summoned through (or awakened in) the [[Deepspace Tunnel]] by the use of the [[Aether Core]] in the [[Flux Nexus]], similar to how [[Wire Jaw]] used the [[Flux Nexus]] near [[Elysium]] to summon/control the [[human-like Wanderer]]s.

Notably, multiple [[Arbiterwings]] circle during [[Sorceress MC]]'s [[Heavenly Tribulation]] in [[Beyond Cloudfall - Ch 9]]. It's possible this one was intentionally summoned from [[Philos]] via the [[Deepspace Tunnel]].

# Details
Sylus and MC ascend the elevator in the [[Solon Hotel]] to the rooftop. (The Spacepedia entry confirms it's the same rooftop.)
> *The almost transparent elevator quickly ascends, and the colorful nighttime scenery is hidden by the clouds.*
> MC: What is this place...?
> *Countless pieces of metal are strewn across the spacious rooftop that's shrouded in mist. And in the haze, barely visible, are abandoned collection vessels, transporters, and other devices. Broken steel bars poke out from the overgrown weeds. Rusty frames are propped up, outlining a bygone era.*
> MC: It looks like a laboratory for experiments...
> Sylus: It was one many years ago, but they abandoned it a while back.
> MC: "They"?
> *Stepping over broken fragments and glass shards, Sylus's tone remains aloof.*
> Sylus: [[Ever]].
> MC: (Ever?!)
> *As the most prestigious international business group, it basically supports the whole [[Linkon]] City. How could they be involved with the [[N109 Zone]]?*
> MC: ...I heard that before the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]], the [[N109 Zone]] was the most prosperous tech hub. So I guess it makes sense that Ever used it as a research base.
> Sylus: You really are a naive Linkon citizen.
> MC: What do you mean?
> *Sylus gives me a look.*
> Sylus: Many locations were affected by that catastrophe, yet only the N109 Zone turned into a wasteland. Why do you think that is?
> MC: ...
> *I recall some unverified rumors, but my mind is a mess right now. I can't think of any theories.*
> Sylus: We're here.
> *Slow vibrations resembling heartbeats pulse in the sky. I look up and see the Deepspace Tunnel.* ((See also [[cosmic heartbeat]]s.))
> *Dense clouds and vortexes churn amidst the darkness. And occassionally, a stream of light flashes across the night sky. The silent tunnel. is like a telescope peeking into the universe.*
> MC: The [[Deepspace Tunnel]]... This is the first time I've been so close to it.
> *A tiny beam of light enters my line of sight. I can't help but take a step--*
> MC: It's a [[Flux Nexus]]. I saw one in a no-hunt zone!
* ((specifically, [[No-Hunt Zone 7]]))

> Sylus: Then you should know what it contains. These fluctuations aren't produced by normal [[Protocore]]s.
> *Sylus stands. next to me, looking at me with his eyes that have unfathomable depths.*
> Sylus: Think about it first. Once you take it out, there's no going back.
> MC: ... (I'm already here. Why should I give up now?)
> `MC resonates with the Flux Nexus.`
> *Gritting my teeth, I put my hand on the Flux Nexus's intricate patterns. The power of [[resonance]] instantly flows through my body, and dazzling light seeps out from my palm. A shiny, floating [[Protocore]] appears.*
> MC: The [[Aether Core]]...!
> *Yet as soon as I touch it, the ground starts to shake violently.*
> MC: ...!
> *A storm appears. Violent fluctuations lash out from the [[Deepspace Tunnel]]'s entrance.
> A huge shadow emerges from the vortex. It's getting closer and closer. Its wings blot out all light in the sky.*
> MC: Is this... the backup plan they talked about?!
> Sylus: Heh. We finally got something presentable.
> *A huge [[Protofield]] unfolds before us. Then, the ferocious Wanderer charges towards us at breakneck speed!*
