# Summary
[[MC]] and [[Philip]] head upstairs, and as [[Philip]] applies the [[Evol]] stabilizer, MC recognizes the symbol as matching one on [[Josephine's notes]]. They briefly discuss Philip's past work monitoring [[Aether Core]]s, and it's revealed that he has a strong tie to [[Grandma]], mentioning that he wishes to pay her back for her kindness. He eventually convinces MC to consider sticking around Sylus, given that the other predators in the zone are much more cruel.

When MC heads back downstairs, finally open to collaborating, Sylus is gone. She heads outside looking for him, and a girl offers to sell her flowers, guns, Protocores, etc. MC asks for intel, and the girl leads her down the street.

Meanwhile, Mephisto has been killing rats with surveillance equipment. As the girls leave, he follows them.

## Commentary

### Philip and Josephine
This chapter confirms that [[Philip]] used to work with [[Grandma]]. He mentions her kindness and feels in her debt. He used to have a job monitoring [[Aether Core]]s, and his equipment bears the same mark from [[Josephine's notes]], indicating that he likely also worked at the [[Gaia Research Center]]. He's middle aged, younger than Josephine, and speaks of her deferentially, indicating that he was likely a junior scientist/employee when they worked together.

As far as we know, the only [[Aether Core]] they would have had to monitor was [[MC]]'s, and she vanished after the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]]. It's possible (though unconfirmed) that [[Philip]] continued to work with [[Ever]] until other [[Aether Core]]s were found, but this seems unlikely.
### Part of an Aether Core
Philiip is the first to say that she has 'part of an' Aether Core. MC's POV narration then confirms that the Aether Core at the auction is the 'other half' of the one inside her. It's unclear when/how she learned this, since it's not mentioned previously. This may just be a very slight continuity error, or she's able to infer the situation from Philip's phrasing. 

[[Josephine's secret notes]] indicate that after the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]], MC's [[Aether Core]]'s power level was half its previous value. This matches the idea that the other half of the core's power was separated from her at that time and it existed independently of her from that point until she re-absorbs it in [[02-02 Breakthrough]].

# Details
The battle against the modified [[Wanderer]] [[G-2BW]] ends with MC on the ground, backed against a wall, the canon poised above her and charging. Sylus stops it at the last possible second. ((Likely to scare her on purpose.)) The Wanderer walks away, controlled by Sylus.

Flicking the lingering mist off his hand, he walks towards her, holding her gaze.
> Sylus: Alter her energy linkage now. Make it as strong as possible. `(he grabs her wrist, brow furrowed)`
> MC: This isn't what we agreed to!
> `Sylus pins her hand back against the wall behind her, forcing his fingers between hers.`
> Sylus: Relax. You can handle it. `(Intense, leaning closer.)`
> Philip: `(Clears throat)` Ahem, Mr Sylus! I think there is... another reason why she can't resonate.
> `Sylus turns to listen, brow still furrowed, eyes on the ground between MC and Philip.`
> Philip: You see... her [[Evol]] is special. It utilizes the waves generated by the human brain's magnetic field. Maybe her brain's magnetic field produces repulsive waves against you. That's why she can't resonate with you.
> Sylus: Get to the point.
> Philip: To make a long story short... On a subconscious level, she's either rejecting you, scared of you, or... uh... disgusted by you.
> `Sylus sighs and takes in a sharp breath.`
> Philip: Even if she undergoes alternation, you won't be able to resonate with her so long as she's still... hostile toward you.
> `Sylus gives a longer frustrated sigh, gaze shifting to hers.`
> Philip: And Mr Sylus, if the alteration fails, she will be completely ruined. We need to address the cause first...
> Sylus: Which means... `(He shifts his grip to her wrist, pulling it between them)` There's something wrong with her.
> MC: You... Let go of me!
> Philip: By the way...! I have an Evol stabilizer in the storage cabinet. I'll make her use it.
* ((Based on my memory of a translation note that's been taken down, "I'll make her use it" is more correctly translated as "I'll have her try it". Philip is trying to be accommodating here.))
> `Sylus closes his eyes, takes a frustrated breath, and releases her.`

> *Perhaps worried that his inventions would get caught in a crossfire, he quickly takes me to a room on the second floor.*
> Philip: Right now, you need to stay calm, Miss.
> *He bends down and pulls out a dusty electronic device from underneath the cabinet.*
> Philip: The [[N109 Zone]] is a chaotic place, and you have a part of an [[Aether Core]]. Accompanying him is the safest option.
* ((It's interesting that he says "part of an" Aether Core here. I'm wary to read too much into this since it could also be understood as an "incomplete" Aether Core, i.e. not at full power. Or, it's possible that the [[Aether Core]] she's after is the energy that she lost during the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]].))

> MC: You know I'm carrying an [[Aether Core]]?
> *A burst of red light appears and scans my whole body. Several windows pop up on an old-fashioned display screen, which shows the data is being analyzed.*
> Philip: I recognized that [[Protocurve]]. Monitoring [[Aether Core]]s used to be my job.
> *A guess pops into my mind. I look at the dusty electronic device. Just as I thought, there's an inconspicuous mark in the corner. I saw it among the files [[Grandma]] left not too long ago.*
> Philip: The [[N109 Zone]] is a mess right now. An outsider like you who's unfamiliar with the details can easily lose your life. Sticking with Sylus might not be a bad idea. Better to be with him compared to other people.
> MC: Sylus is a heartless man. He may only want to alter me right now, but he's going to get me killed eventually.
> *Exasperated, the shopkeeper shakes his head.*
> Philip: You're just not used to the darkness yet. There are predators lurking in these depths that you haven't seen.
> MC: Some people are even scarier than him?
> Philip: You say Sylus is heartless, but sometimes, those with hearts are even crueler than those without.
> *Like Xavier said, the N109 Zone is very divided. Each faction only recognizes its own 'allies'. Fighting alone is obviously not a good idea in a place like this. But if I really have to stay close to Sylus... The shopkeeper's concern seems genuine. After weighing my options, I nod and flash a reassuring smile.*
> MC: I understand what you mean. I'll give it some thought.
> *Beep. The lines on the screen rise and fall, showing two intertwined curves.*
> Philip: Alright, there's nothing wrong with your Evol. The energy of the [[Aether Core]] inside you is also stable. Have you figured out what you'll do next?
> *The Aether Core's other half is one of the items at the auction. Naturally, I don't assume I can get it myself. The only advantage I have is having part of an Aether Core in my heart. Since I can resonate with the energy... I should be able to sense its location. The real problem is figuring out how to escape from the 'predators lurking in these depths' after I obtain it.*
* ((Afaik, this scene is the first time MC notes the Aether Core she's after as being 'the other half'. More commentary above.))

> MC: (The N109 Zone is currently a mess, and there are enemies no matter where I go. If I have to work with someone, the strongest person here would be the best option. Maybe I should actually make a deal with Sylus...)
> *Upon realizing this, my next step becomes clear. I get up and say goodbye to the shopkeeper. And when I spot that familiar mark, I look back at his dark, weary expression.*
> MC: Were you acquainted with my grandma?
> *He just waves his hand gesturing for me to leave.*
> Philip: If all goes well for you in whatever happens, then I can say I've repaid Ms. Josephine's kindness.
> *Up until now, I had always thought that [[Onychinus]] was hunting down researchers who worked on [[Aether Core]]s before. But that shopkeeper, who seemed to have a strong connection to [[Grandma]], is seeking [[Sylus]]'s protection.*
> MC: (Maybe there are other secrets...)

MC thinks about this as she heads downstairs, finding the curtains rolled back from the door. Outside, Sylus's motorcycle is nowhere to be seen. She heads outside, looking for him. There's a thud in an unlit alley next to the workshop. She assumes it's trash, and looks around, seeing piles of scrap.

Now that she's maybe ready to work with him, he's gone. So, she decides she can at least go off by herself now. A [[Little Girl]] approaches her and offers to sell her a flower. When MC declines, she offers a gun, bullets, or Protocore. This gives MC an idea to ask her for information. The girl then leads MC across the empty street, and she ears flapping wings in the distance. 

> *A crow perches on a street light that's been dilapidated for years. The red glow in its eyes flickers as it breathes. A few bloodstained tufts of gray fur peek out from under its metal claws. It quietly observes the two girls, one tall and one short, as they head into another filthy street. It tilts its head and thinks for a moment. Then it quickly drops its dead prey and silently spreads its wings to follow them.
> Lying under the street light are seven or eight fat rats, all gutted. Mixed with their flesh and blood are broken pieces of monitoring equipment.*