# Summary
Sylus and MC waltz on the dance floor, discussing the next phase of their plan. Suddenly, an explosion turns the banquet hall to rubble--Sylus has gotten a hold of the detonator to the bombs that were supposed to trap him, and triggered them himself claiming impatience/boredom.

Wanderers appear, and the duo swiftly defeats them. In the chaos, Sylus pulls MC along, towards the [[Aether Core]].

← [[02-02.08 Undercurrents]] | [[02-02.10 Abandoned Memory]] →
## Commentary

### Title
The chapter's title, "Rising Curtains", hints that it's show time.
### Violence should be used strategically
Sylus says this with some regularity, and in this case, he takes a henchman that MC was threatening with a gun to the head and knocks him out by throwing him against a pillar. HIs hands bear the blood of other violence, though.

# Details
> *Melodious music serenades the luxurious banquet hall that's illuminated by dreamy lighting.
> Sylus calmly guides me across the dance floor, swaying to the song's rhythm. He blocks the prying shadows around us. And when I look up, all I see is his face, which is quite infuriating.*
> Sylus: ... ngh. You need to be smarter if you want to retaliate against me.
> MC: Sorry, I'm not really used to these kinds of social gatherings.
> *I clumsily lift my heel off his foot.*
> MC: Did you actually get information on the [[Aether Core]]?
> Sylus: `(lightly)` You can choose not to believe me.
> *Catching a glimpse of a flashing red dot in the shadows, I use my hand that's on my shoulder to push him in the opposite direction.*
> MC: But they wouldn't leak such important information. Unless... It's a trap.
> Sylus. `(light chuckle)` Exactly.
> *I look back at him.*
> MC: You're not going to throw yourself into their trap, are you?
> Sylus: Be content with your role. Don't scare away the fish that already bit the hook.
> MC: Eight [[Evol bombs]], fifteen [[high-frequency guns]]... They really want you dead. Sylus, you made a lot of enemies.
> Sylus: `(unfazed)` This isn't the first time it's happened.
> *The music reaches a crescendo. The notes from the orchestra are layered on top of one another like surging tidal waves. The lights dim to the passionate beats, and shadows surround us on all sides.*
> MC: You have something up your sleeve, right? Even if you have a death wish, I don't intend to die here with you.
> Sylus: `(chuckles)` Don't worry, you won't die *that* easily.
> *A deafening explosion drowns out the music and ensuing screams. The beautiful hall is instantly reduced to rubble. Amidst the surging chaos, Sylus tightens his grip on my hand. I hear him softly scoff. To my surprise, I see him nonchalantly crush something before throwing it into the debris.*
> MC: ...You had the detonator this whole time?
> Sylus: The vermin were taking their sweet time. I was getting impatient.
> MC: The [[Metaflux]] is quickly increasing, and there's more than one [[Wanderer]]... Be careful!
> *I take out my weapon from under my dress and fire several shots at the [[Wanderer]] that was about to attack Sylus.*
> MC: That was close...
> Sylus: How long do you think you'll last with an outdated weapon?
> MC: You...
> *Sylus tosses over another gun.*
> Sylus: Don't waste your efforts.
* ((This/these are the guns MC uses when the [[Sylus - Relentless Conquerer]] Companion is equipped.))

> MC: Did [[Sherman]] make you do this? Where's the [[Aether Core]]? Answer me!
> *After defeating the last [[Wanderer]], I find a henchman cowering in the corner. I press my gun's muzzle against the back of his head.*
> ??: You haven't won yet! We still have a backup plan...! That thing is terrifying. When it shows up, not even Sylus--Agh!
> *Black-red mist throws him into a broken stone pillar. With a scream, he fals to the ground like a puppet whose strings were just cut.*
> Sylus: Violence should be used strategically.
> *Sylus calmly wipes the blood off his face, and the black-red mist disappears from his hands.*
> MC: I would've believed you if your hands were clean.
> *Despite the venue being cleared, strong energy fluctuations manifest above us and shake the ground we stand on.*
> MC: What's making that noise? Are there still some left?
> Sylus: Let's go.
> MC: Where are we going?
> *Sylus grabs my wrist and swiftly starts walking.*
> Sylus: To the place that has what you want.