# Summary
[[MC]] spends three days in and out of consciousness. In her brief times awake, [[Sylus]] forces her to attempt to resonate with him. Despite the apparent coercion, many of his gestures are affectionate. During this attempt, it seems that something has changed. A small amount of [[golden light]] appears between their hands, seeming to surprise Sylus. He scoffs and notes that it's a shame her Evol has deteriorated so much.

MC accuses Sylus of being behind her family's deaths, and he replies "The people closest to you might be the ones who want to kill you the most." Offended and frustrated, MC exclaims that she wants to kill Sylus herself.

He calls her bluff, giving her a pistol and telling her to go for it. MC is shocked, and in an intense exchange, where Sylus goads her on, he ends up pulling the trigger himself. The scene ends.

← [[02-01.02 Alike]] | [[02-01.04 Into Danger]] →
## Commentary

### A partial resonance
The [[golden light]] is a sign of MC's power, and given Sylus's reaction, we can conclude it hasn't appeared before. However, it's not a fully successful resonance, so Sylus will continue to try to debug the process. But the incremental "success" here--or the three days of failure--clearly cause Sylus to be ready to change his approach.

### Sylus's motives
From [[Beyond Cloudfall]] and [[Land of Lost]], we know that the now-unkillable [[Sylus]] has been looking for MC for a very long time. And now she's finally here, and with her [[Aether Core]], a power that his keenly recognizes--but she doesn't remember him. Especially given their antagonistic rapport in [[Beyond Cloudfall]], and how they fell in love even when he was a cranky young dragon, he'd see no reason (yet) to take a gentle approach here.

It's with some impatience, eagerness, and desperation that he wants to restore her memories of their history together, and likely hopes that resonating is the fastest way to do so. This explains the intensity and focus of his efforts.

### The ones closest to you
Sylus says, "The people closest to you might be the ones who want to kill you the most." It's not until [[04 Homecoming Wings]] that we learn what Sylus might know here; Not only is [[Caleb]] alive, but he's working with the sinister [[Farspace Fleet]], [[Ever]], and a malicious professor who wants [[MC]] for his own because she's the "perfect vessel" for a "living weapon". ([[Lucid Dreams]])

Sylus could also be referring to [[Grandma]]'s history as an [[Ever]] researcher, but given that he's been watching her via [[Mephisto]] since [[01-03.08 Where Light Vanishes]] at the latest, and he's friends with [[Philip]], he'd likely know that Josephine isn't a threat, and so could only be talking about Caleb here. 

### In and out of consciousness
There are two potential explanations for why/how MC spends so much of this time unconscious. First is simply the shock of being in proximity to Sylus, the memories of their past life starting to return, the interaction of their fragmented souls, etc. That would be more than enough to overwhelm her body and justify a hand wavey "she passed out a lot". That MC remains unconscious for a full day after Sylus leaves her in the bedroom supports this interpretation.

The second explanation pulls a clue from [[Land of Lost]], where when [[Sylus]] is using mind control on the [[Overlord]], he's unaware of what's happening. He spends days in the throne room, only allowed to be lucid when Sylus comes to play chess with him. Given that the anecdote released alongside [[02 Long Awaited Revelry]], the specificity of the details that match, and that it would be odd to give Sylus "mind control" powers only in his Anecdote and nowhere else, it's fair to assume that Sylus is forcing MC's unconsciousness here.

But why? Perhaps he doesn't want to risk her trying to run away or hurting herself in the process. He could be letting her body recover between resonance attempts, and keeping her unconscious is kinder than letting her be awake and terrified. He could even be attempting to probe her mind in that time, using other mysterious aspects of his power to try to access her memories of their history. Alternatively, he could be trying to spare her from too many memories flowing in at once, like the nightmare that occurs when he leaves her in the bedroom.

Both explanations could easily be true--MC's unconsciousness is a result both of her body's reaction to all that is happening, and a result of Sylus using his powers to keep her unconscious to either spare her misery, spur on her memories returning, or both.

# Details
Three day time jump. At [[Sylus's base]]. [[02-01.04 Into Danger]] elaborates on what happened in this time:
> I've been locked in a secret room with no light for three days. And during the times I was conscious for a few moments, I would catch a glimpse of Sylus.

At the start of the scene, [[MC]] breathes heavily on the floor, and looks up to see [[Sylus]] sitting in a large red wingback chair, illuminated from above. The rest of the room is dark. 
> Sylus: Three days. Yet we're still unable to achieve even a simple resonance. How disappointing.
> MC: What do you want?!
> `Sylus uses his mist to pull MC to straddle his lap. ((As shown at the end of the scene, her knees are on either side of his on the chair. He's tall enough that this puts him at her eye height.))`
>Sylus: You went through all that trouble to enter the [[N109 Zone]]. I must fulfill my duty as your host.
>`Sylus uses his mist to pull MC's right hand toward his left. He gently strokes her forearm and wrist with the back of his fingers in an affectionate gesture, then forces open her fist to interlace their fingers.`
* ((This is an evocative image that becomes a motif of their relationship.))

> `Sylus pulls their clasped hands between them and closes his eyes.`
> MC: Stop!
> `Red mist swirls around their clasped hands. Sylus's expression is one of intent focus. Even with his eyes closed, MC hears the whispers.`
> Whispers: Devour him... He's yours... He's right there. Before your very eyes...
> MC: (These voices again...)
> [[golden light]] `appears between their hands, joining the red mist, then flows outward in a small burst. Sylus opens his eyes, seeming disappointed but keeping his expression neutral. He seems to catch himself with a soft half-laugh, then releases her hand. A small amount of golden light lingers between their hands, then dissipates.`
> Sylus: It's a shame your Evol has deteriorated into its current state.
> MC: Crocodile tears...
* ((This is a little bit of an odd idiom in EN to use here, but the meaning is clear--she's accusing him of being disingenuous.))
* Sylus is looking past MC, and at her next comment, he meets her gaze again.
>MC: My family's deaths... you're behind them, right?
>Sylus: `(chuckles, looks past her again)` Family? The people closest to you might be the ones who want to kill you the most.
>MC: Shut up! Right now... I just... I just want to kill you myself!
* See above for more discussion about Sylus's comment here

> `MC throws a weak, sloppy punch at Sylus but he grabs her hand, mist swirling at the ready.`
> Sylus: Do you think your Evol will help you in a fight against me? Your courage is admirable.
> `Sylus tosses her hand away.`
> Sylus: You're lucky I don't like picking on the weak, kitten.
> `Sylus uses his mist to pull a pistol into his hand and loads the magazine.`
> MC: What are you doing?
> `Sylus pulls the slide to ready the gun to fire, then turns and hands it to MC, handle first, pointing it at himself. When she doesn't move to take it, he nudges it towards her with an expectant look.`
> Sylus: Didn't you want to take my life? Or do your words just ring hollow?
> `MC's vision darkens around the edges and blurs.`
> Whispers: Kill him. Kill. Him. Kill...
> `MC hesitates, then takes the gun and holds it to his forehead. Sylus hardly reacts. MC's hand shakes.
>MC: You think I won't do it?
>`Sylus smiles and leans his forehead to the barrel, almost affectionate.` 
> Sylus: Now, that's much better...
> `As he reaches his hand around MC's on the gun, the barrel lowers towards his cheek. Then he grips the top of the gun, pulling the barrel down towards his chest as he says:`
> Sylus: ...Though you do owe me a curtain call grander than death itself.
> `MC's hand holding the gun shakes violently.`
> MC: I...
> Sylus: `(sighs)` Why are you trembling? Has your resolve already begun to falter? `(Hah.)` You weren't just bluffing, were you?
> `MC raises her other hand to steady the gun and adjusts into a proper shooting grip.`
> MC: Of course not. It's just...
> `Deliberately and ominously, Sylus moves his hand around hers.`
> Sylus: Want some help? Yes? No? Maybe so?
> `He pulls the gun to center over his heart.`
> MC: No...
> `But MC doesn't pull the trigger. Sylus's thumb slides over her index finger and pulls the trigger for her.`

The last shot is a silhouette of Sylus in the chair and MC's arms knocked back by the recoil.