# Summary
[[MC]] and [[Sylus]] are in the workshop at [[Sylus's base]]. Sylus works on fixing [[Mephisto]] as [[MC]] reviews the map of [[Solon Hotel]] from [[Elysium]]'s [[Shopkeeper]]. MC starts asking questions about [[Onychinus]], and [[Sylus]] calls [[Sherman]] a dead man.

[[MC]] decides she's been too harsh with [[Sylus]] and extends an olive branch. They have a surprisingly tender moment, with MC hearing the whispers again but then placing her hand over Sylus's right eye. She repeats her desire to make a deal where she tries to resonate with him in exchange for him helping her get the [[Aether Core]] and then out of the [[N109 Zone]].

But that's not enough--he has a second test for her. She needs to get [[Sylus's brooch]] from him within twenty four hours.

[[Midnight Stealth]] picks up from here.

← [[02-02.05 Nightmare Finale]] | [[Midnight Stealth]] | [[02-02.07 Roleplay]] →
## Commentary
### Callbacks to Beyond Cloudfall
After the whispers and MC touches his face, Sylus gently asks, "Have you gone mad?" It's what she asked him in [[Beyond Cloudfall - Ch 7]]. He's clearly remembering their past life together, and it still has influence over her, though she doesn't remember yet.

This is a turning point into a more collaborative relationship.

# Details
> *After transferring the data from the storage device, a hologram of [[Solon Hotel]] appears. The other file is a list of the auction's attendees. It even has my fake identity and name on it. While it's not complete, it's enough for me to get a better understanding of the auction.*
> MC: By the way, those guys who tried to capture me back at [[Elysium]]... Were they actually traitors who used to work in [[Onychinus]]? They also mentioned a "Mr. [[Sherman]]". Who's that?
> Sylus: Why are you interested in a dead person?
> *Next to me, Sylus tosses aside Mephisto's broken parts. He gives me a blank expression.
> I stare back at him and remember what the workshop's owner said before.*
> Philip: Just two explosions. One in the [[northern suburbs]] and one in the [[Bloomshore District]]. And after doing those shameless things and making a mess, then they want you to be their scapegoat.
> MC: (If there's another faction within [[Onychinus]], could the incident at [[Grandma]]'s house be related to [[Sherman]]?) (([[Bloomshore District explosion]]))
> MC: ...They must also be after the [[Aether Core]] in my body. In a way, your conflict involves me. No, you left me behind on purpose as bait, didn't you? So you could clean up?
> *I turn my head to see Sylus and Mephisto exchange glances. The crow lets out a defiant wail.*
> Mephisto: Caw!
> MC: It doesn't matter how deep your hatred is. You've cursed me enough. Get over it. Besides, it was an accident. I didn't mean to injure you. Besides, you were stalking me earlier. Even if I did it on purpose, you deserve it.
> Sylus: You can scold me directly, if you want.
> MC: ...
> *Under the hazy light, Sylus reveals a gentle look completely uncharacteristic of him. I compose myself, realizing I've been unreasonably angry with him.*
> MC: (Regardless of whether he wanted to clean up or not, those people were after me. I had to face them sooner or later.)
> *A silence settles between us. I clear my throat and try to change the topic to lighten up the mood.*
> MC: When we first met, you said we were "the same".
> *If I don't ask now, he might not have the patience to answer me tomorrow.*
> MC: You... probably have an [[Aether Core]] inside you, too. Mine is in my heart. Yours... Is it in your eye? (([[Sylus's Eye]]))
> Sylus: ... `(sighs).` Sure. Think of it like that.
> MC: My [[Aether Core]] doesn't seem to be any different from a normal [[Protocore]], though. It's not very useful. But that's not the case with yours.
> *Sylus stops moving his hands for a moment and looks at me with a blank expression.*
> Sylus: It helps me see what people want the most. It exposes the desires that they refuse to admit.
> *So those chaotic noises and visions in my mind back at the dining table were also caused by his Aether Core? As I think about it, I can't help but look into his eyes again.*
> `Scene changes to darkness, then the glowing red iris hovering there.` ((See also [[the giant red eye]]))
> Whispers: Devour... It's your...
> MC: (Not... again... Why am I...)
> *I touch my forehead. And when I come to my senses, his face is a breath away. With my right hand, I press down on the area around his eye. I can't tell what he's feeling. His thin eyelashes gently brush against my fingers. Sylus doesn't break eye contact with me, as if he's looking at something hidden in the depths of my gaze.*
> MC: ...
> Sylus: Have you gone mad?
* ((MC says this to him in [[Beyond Cloudfall - Ch 7]]. He touched the area round her eye then, too.))

> MC: I...
> *He suddenly moves closer, his eyelashes almost brushing against my cheek.*
> `Dialogue option 1:` MC: ... You can push me away.
> `Dialogue option 2:` MC: I'm sorry. I just wanted to get a closer look at your Aether Core.

> Sylus: ...`(Sighs)`
> *I thought he would push me away, but he didn't.*
> MC: You like it when people do that...?
> *I take a deep breath and meet his gaze again.*
> MC: Didn't you want to resonate with me? Do you want to try again?
> *Without waiting for him to answer, I grab his hand again.*
> MC: Come on. I'll use both hands this time.
> Sylus: ... `(Shakes his head, scoffs lightly.)`
> *A chill blankets his body. I'm not sure if it's the cold breeze coming in from a small gap in the window or his aura.*
> MC: (He's good at fighting. He's good at fighting. He's good at fighting...)
> *The old gas lamp above us flickers and emits a light softer than the sound of our breaths.*
> MC: He looks good. He looks good. He looks good...
> Sylus: `(Vaguely annoyed)` I can hear you talking.
> MC: Enjoy it. This is one of the two good things I can think about you.
> *Moving my gaze down, I look carefully at our interlocked hands. But I still can't feel even the slightest change. It seems we can't rush our resonance. But with the auction fast approaching, I need him to work with me as soon as possible. I organize my thoughts and use the nicest tone I can muster.*
> MC: You already know I entered the [[N109 Zone]] to get the [[Aether Core]] that's at the auction. And since you want to resonate with me, I have an idea. I don't know if I should say it, though.
> Sylus: Then don't.
> MC: ...
> *I force myself to suppress the anger in my heart.*
> MC: But I can't resonate with you because I reject you on a subconscious level. That means my [[Evol]] is controlled by my emotions. Changing a person's feelings might be difficult, but it won't be *that* hard... I think.
> *As I say this, I cross my arms and lift my chin at him.*
> MC: There's an easy solution right in front of us. Help me get the [[Aether Core]] and ensure my safety by escorting me out of the [[N109 Zone]]. You'll be able to use me as bait to clean up, right?
> Sylus: `(Light hmph, shakes his head.)` It's almost as if your face is saying you're doing me a huge favor.
> MC: (I don't have another bargaining chip. I can only bluff to appear more confident...)
> *I also know my clumsy attempt won't fool Sylus. That's why I'm telling the truth.*
> MC: I don't know why you insist on resonating with me, but as long as you're willing to help me, I'll help you.
> *Sylus shifts his gaze from the map and looks at me indifferently.*
> Sylus: That's not enough.
> MC: Then what do you want? Should I beg? I can do it.
> Sylus: Or, we could do this.
> *Sylus suddenly opens the bottom drawer and pulls out a jewel-encrusted crow brooch.*
> Sylus: If you can take this from me within 24 hours, I'll agree to your terms.
> MC: Do you test people before you work with them? Are you testing my skills? My intelligence? Or my values? 
> *I raise my voice as I try to grab it while he's distracted. Het he reacts quickly. The brooch disappears in the blink of an eye.*
> Sylus: Only when you have a bargaining chip can you make a deal. And since you're the one who proposed this, use your own methods. You should be thankful the goal is clear enough, this time.
* ((According to my memory of a translation note that's been taken down, "You should be thankful the goal is clear enough" in the original CN is "You should be thankful this is an open book test, paralleling the "closed book test" in [[02-02.04 The First Deal]]))

((The Bond [[Midnight Stealth]] immediately follows this scene.))