# Summary
Immediately following the events of [[01-08.10 Trap]], [[MC]] recovers from the [[C-003 neurotoxin]] thanks to [[Xavier]]'s [[inhibitor pill]] and finds herself handcuffed in the back of a car. The [[Man in Black]] is on the phone ((likely with [[Sherman]] or his goons, as revealed in [[02-01.06 Resonance and Shackles]] and later chapters)) demanding a bigger reward and complaining that he feels like he's driving in circles.

The car breaks down near the abandoned ruins of a church, and the man drags MC out of the car, demanding to "inspect the goods" and see the [[Aether Core]]. Before she can respond, [[Luke and Kieran]] and begin to toy with the [[Man in Black]].

[[MC]] is surprised [[Onychinus]] found her so quickly, ((not realizing that [[Man in Black]] is already taking her to the faction of Onychinus responsible for the [[modified Protocore]]s and [[Bloomshore District explosion]], as implied in [[02-01.04 Into Danger]] when Luke says they saved her "from that ungrateful traitor" and confirmed in [[02-01.06 Resonance and Shackles]])).

The [[Man in Black]] comments that [[Sylus]] must have sent the twins, but the [[Aether Core]] will be his--and he fires at MC.

## Commentary
# Details
((Immediately follows the events of [[01-08.10 Trap]]))

[[MC]] is in the car of the [[Man in Black]] who apprehended her at [[The Nest]] during [[Hunting Day]]. She's dizzy from the lingering effects of the [[C-003 neurotoxin]] he dosed her with.

The narration recaps the events of [[01 Under Deepspace]]:
> I was a new hunter when tragedy struck and took away people who were important to me.
> 
> I traveled to the [[Arctic]] searching for the truth, and discovered an incredible power source that rested in my heart: The [[Aether Core]].
> 
> Using the information left behind by [[Grandma]], I concluded that what happened to me is related to [[Onychinus]], a well-known organization in the [[N109 Zone]]. They want the [[Aether Core]] in my heart.
>
> So I decided to enter the [[N109 Zone]] to get closer to [[Onychinus]] in an attempt to find answers. It doesn't matter if they're about the [[Aether Core]] in my heart or that incident.
> 
> Everything is going according to plan.
> I brought the most valuable "bait", the [[Aether Core]], deep into the abyss that is the [[N109 Zone]].
> Whoever takes the bait--will this person be the one I'm looking for?

The [[Man in Black]] is on the phone as [[MC]] recovers quickly in the back seat thanks to the [[inhibitor pill]] from [[Xavier]], though she's in handcuffs. He says he took a big risk and needs a bigger reward. ((He's speaking with [[Sherman]] or Sherman's goons, who are currently working for [[Ever]].)) He also complains he's driven the same way three times. ((This may be a reference to the anomalous [[Protofield]] behavior that makes getting into and out of the N109 zone treacherous.))

MC bides her time as the car breaks down near the abandoned ruins of an old church and graveyard near the border of the [[N109 Zone]]. Noticing she's awake, the [[Man in Black]] threatens her with a knife and demands to know where she hid the [[Aether Core]] so he can "inspect the goods".

He's interrupted by the voices of [[Luke and Kieran]] as red particles begin to float in the air:
> Luke: Kidnapping [[Onychinus]]'s prey without letting us know... That's not exactly polite. 

The [[Man in Black]] grabs MC and holds his knife to her throat. A streak of red-black mist hits the man's arm, we hear a cutting noise, and the man groans, dropping MC and clutching his wrist. ((This is almost certainly one of Kieran's darts, especially since he tucks something back into his sleeve a moment later.))

> Kieran: She's ours, by the way. We called dibs a long time ago.
> Luke: I'm really curious... She's brave enough to drink from a black glass.
> Kieran: What will she do when backed into a corner...

MC remarks that Onychinus found her even faster than expected. ((Ironically, the [[Man in Black]] was already working for [[Sherman]]'s "branch" of Onychinus.))

The [[Man in Black]] collapses as [[Luke and Kieran]] appear in swirling black mist.
> Luke: You're pretty bold for releasing information about the [[Aether Core]] in [[The Nest]] like that.
> Kieran: Explains why boss is interested.

[[Man in Black]] figures out what's happening, realizing that [[Sylus]] sent them--then declares the Aether Core is his, pointing a gun at MC and firing.

#todo clean up twin references after double-checking
