# Summary
[[MC]] and [[Simone]]'s operation didn't turn up any [[Aether Core]]s, but they did find [[modified Protocore]]s. Jenna reveals that a new type of [[Protocurve]] has been classified, the [[Beta-Protocurve]]. [[Wanderer]]s have been causing spatial anomalies recently, and all of them have [[Protocore]]s with a [[Beta-Protocurve]] in common.

They'll investigate these [[Beta-Protocurve]]s to try to find the [[Aether Core]] responsible for them. This leads to a variety of leads to choose from.

The player gets to go through three story branches in any order:
* [[03-A Thorns Under the Moon]] ([[Zayne]])
* [[03-B Land of Secret Flames]] ([[Rafayel]])
* [[03-C Voyage of the Outcast]] ([[Xavier]])

← [[03-01.01 Imbalance]] | After branches: [[03-01.03 Onward Again]] →
## Commentary
This new [[Protocore]] is later revealed to be the [[Spatium Core]] and a fragment is found in each branch. After completing the three investigations, the story picks back up in [[03-01.03 Onward Again]].
 
# Details
One hour later, [[Simone]] and [[MC]] are back at the [[UNICORNS building]], having found no sign of the [[Aether Core]]--though they did find [[modified Protocore]]s and arrest the smugglers.

[[Simone]] and [[Andrew]] go back and forth about Simone's [[Micromodification]] Evol causing increased wear-and-tear. An [[OTTO]]-CSE takes weapons back to the armory for maintenance.

Jenna arrives, tossing a folded combat uniform onto the desk. MC extracts a [[Herte Knave]]'s head from the uniform. Jenna reports that the head showed up on [[Faye Street]] with no sign of the body, which must still hold the [[Wanderer]]'s [[Protocore]].

MC senses a [[Protocurve]] similar to the one from [[No-Hunt Zone 7]] ([[01-03 Talented Hunter]]), but something is different. Jenna calls it a [[Beta-Protocurve]], and shares that it's been linked to spatial anomalies:
* Last month, on the 8th at 9am, [[Linkon Bridge]]'s main pier disappeared from the river for 20 minutes.
* On the 14th at 3am, [[Rainbow Myst]]s appeared in [[Goldwood City]], in six different districts within 4 seconds of each other.
* On the 29th, at 4:30 pm, an ice cream parlor in the "Ring Imperial Center" ([[Empyreal Ring District]]?) was flipped, and customers on the top floor were trapped in the first floor freezer.

These [[Wanderer]] all had [[Protocore]]s with a [[Protocurve]] capable of distorting space itself. Jenna confirms an [[Aether Core]] is involved. They expect to see more [[Beta-Protocurve]]s in the future, and should follow these leads for new [[Aether Core]]s. The map lights up with potential locations.

Jenna tells the team night's about to fall. "We all know the big guys lurking in [[Linkon]]'s shadows are about to make their move."

Back at home, MC recaps what she's learned. She guesses (correctly) that this new core might currently be in fragments, and will take some time to find. She remembers Jenna saying that their goals are beyond just collecting any [[Aether Core]]s, but to also investigate the shady organizations that covet them. She cautioned them to investigate carefully.
> Jenna: Hey, I don't know what you went through in the [[N109 Zone]], but... This operation is a marathon, not a sprint. Don't be a hero every five seconds. Patience is key.

MC dug around the [[Hunters Association]] archives and found some loose ends from her time in the [[N109 Zone]] that need to be addressed. She decides to focus on what she can handle for now.

The player is then presented with a choice of three branches to start from. Completing any branch unlocks the end of [[03-01 Eye of the Storm]].
* [[03-A Thorns Under the Moon]]
* [[03-B Land of Secret Flames]]
* [[03-C Voyage of the Outcast]]