# Summary
Back at the [[UNICORNS building]], the [[Aether Core]] fragments await analysis. Meanwhile, [[Ever]] announces a new product--a pocket-sized [[Flux Stablizer]]. The team notes the similarity to the [[Radio-Frequency Chip]], deducing that it works off the same technology only in reverse. [[Jenna]] sees their boldness as evidence they've thoroughly covered their tracks and feel confident they can't be tied back to the [[Radio-Frequency Chip]]s.

The analysis results on the fragments are back, and the new [[Aether Core]] is dubbed the [[Spatium Core]]. Its three pieces are held together by gravity, and it's missing a fourth piece, which is their next mission.

← [[03-01.02 New Discovery]] | [[03-01.04 No Ends]] →

# Details
After at least one branch is completed, this chapter is unlocked. It describes the results after all three branches are complete.

The Special Operations team for [[Operation Aether Ordeal]] turns its attention to [[Ever]] after three [[Aether Core]] fragments ((soon revealed to be [[Spatium Core]] fragments)) are collected.

[[Ever]] is about to broadcast their biannual product launch. [[Simone]] says their work is impressive, moral positions aside.
> Andrew: Based on what I can tell, it's not possible for them to make consecutive technological breakthroughs in such a short period of time. Not through normal means, at least.
* (([[03-C Voyage of the Outcast]] confirmed that several former [[Backtrackers]] have been working with [[Ever]]. Since they broke their [[Nonintervention Principle]], they may be feeding future tech advancements to [[Ever]], accelerating their breakthroughs and altering the timeline.))

Ever's product launch plays:
> Spokesperson: The frequency and ways [[Wanderer]]s have been appearing these past few months continue to steadily increase...
> *During the broadcast, the spokesperson holds up a device that's about the size of a bottle cap.*
> Spokesperson: We'd like to introduce to you our newly designed portable [[Flux Stablizer]]. It can regulate the frequency of surrounding [[Metaflux]] [[fluctuation]]s, thereby stabilizing the [[Protofield]] and reducing the likelihood of [[Wanderer]] materialization

The team notes the similar to the [[Radio-Frequency Chip]], which attracts [[Wanderer]]s. [[Simone]] sees this as a blatant provocation. [[Jenna]] arrives, saying that their boldness means they've already covered their tracks. She also has the report on the [[Aether Core]] fragments--all three are from the same core, which they've dubbed the [[Spatium Core]] due to their space-distorting properties. Its fragments are attracted to each other by a gravitational pull, but one fragment is missing. Their next objective is to retrieve that missing fragment.

[[Jenna]] tells [[MC]] there's something she needs to know.