# Summary
Two months later, rumors of a new [[Aether Core]] surface on the [[dark web]] and in the [[N109 Zone]]. [[Simone]] has been moved to the Special Operations Team (i.e. [[Alpha Team]]) for [[Operation Aether Ordeal]], for which they've been working overtime the last two months, dealing with smugglers. Together, [[MC]] and [[Simone]] infiltrate the [[Silver Screen Hotel]], intent on intercepting a [[Protocore]] deal and hopefully finding the rumored [[Aether Core]].

The conversation recaps key details of [[02 Long Awaited Revelry]], and [[MC]] wonders if the new [[Aether Core]] energy in her heart is causing her memories to be fragmented and fuzzy.

All geared up, Simone and MC reach their destination on the 39th floor.

## Commentary
### Timeline
The 2mo time skip puts us circa Apr/May 2049, almost a year since the events of the main story started. See also [[Main Story Timeline]]. However, [[03-C Voyage of the Outcast]] seems to contradict this timeline by explicitly stating that the season is autumn, which could be September at the earliest.

### MC's memory
This note about MC's memory being fuzzy is especially interesting coming right off [[cosmic cinematic#End of Long Awaited Revelry]] where MC mentions the "confluence of the intertwined timelines" (see also [[converging timelines]]). In the coming chapters, MC will be fairly familiar/intimate with each of the LIs in their branches, as well as experience each of the "reveals" as if it's the first time. This suggestion of fuzzy memories, [[Aether Core]] power and intertwining timelines gives the writers the freedom to write each branch as if the featured LI is MC's main LI, while also slotting it into an overall canon.

# Details
Two months later.

In a dimly lit room, screens flicker as [[Protocore]]s are sold. A man with pockets full of poker chips inputs an encrypted code to the [[dark web]]. Top secret snippets of information about an incident in the [[N109 Zone]] and an [[Aether Core]] emerges. A chat window opens.

> dididadida: Anyone know about what happened in the no-hunt zone last night? Heard the core of the [[Protofield]] got wrecked in the [[N109 Zone]].
> 300cash4Lockpicking1: Rumors say over 50 [[Wanderer]]s showed up out of thin air, almost causing a riot.
> MisterHeart: Maybe an [[Aether Core]] attracted the [[Wanderer]]s?
> User108691: Someone trying to frame the [[Wanderer]]s, maybe?
> Wish4WorldPeace: Don't spread rumors.
> quertyu: Saw known [[Protocore]] smugglers near the [[Silver Screen Hotel]]. Lead?
> dididadida: ?
> User108691: ?
> Neo777: Investigate and report back.

A photo appears of a notorious [[Protocore]] merchant walking into a hotel.

Meanwhile, [[MC]] and [[Simone]] are infiltrating that very hotel, on their first mission together since "[[Operation Aether Ordeal]]" started. Simone reveals they've been working overtime for the past two months due to the smugglers while using her [[Micromodification]] Evol to deactivate bugs and transmitters around them.

Simone mentions how hectic it's been, and MC agrees it's been chaotic in [[Linkon]] lately. Simone shares the rumors she's heard about the [[Protocore auction]] and how [[MC]] got out with the [[Aether Core]]. MC is startled, as she hasn't even told the [[Hunters Association]]'s president.
> MC: This is getting out of hand. At this rate, people will be saying I took down [[Sylus]] all by myself and stopped [[Onychinus]] from taking over the [[N109 Zone]].

Simone recaps key info from the past chapters. Now, new [[Aether Core]] rumors have the [[dark web]] buzzing. She believed the [[Aether Core]] existed, but not that there was more than one.

The elevator's long climb reminds [[MC]] of the elevator ride in the [[Solon Hotel]] in [[02-02.10 Abandoned Memory]].

The background is the image of a shattering planet (probably Earth) from [[cosmic cinematic#End of Long Awaited Revelry]], and Sylus's voice line: 
> Allow me to jog your memory. From your past to your future, to even all the crimes you'll inevitably commit. After all, you and me... Heh, we're the same.
> MC: (My memories are too fragmented and unclear... is it because of this [[Aether Core]]?)
* ((See also [[MC's memory problems]]))

[[Andrew]] reports that the [[Silver Screen Hotel]]'s security system has been hacked, and tells them how to use his [[Memory Alteration]] [[Evol]] for their operation. For 30 mins, they can trick the target into thinking they're the buyer he met before. They'll meet at conference room 3909 in five minutes. Simone made a gadget that holds a 3D holographic map of the hotel.

They're looking for the rumored [[Aether Core]]. Simone equips a [[Protofield disruptor]] shaped like an earring. She's dressed as a secretary, and MC is posing as an heiress again. She's glad she learned to bluff in the [[N109 Zone]].

They arrive at the 39th floor, their destination.