Main Story/03-B Land of Secret Flames - 08.md, before:

# Summary

# Details
It's 7pm, and the party is in full swing at the manor near the [[blue hole]]. [[Maxwell]] presents the jewelry to [[Gabriella]], revealing that the gemstones are from the place they fell in love, hence the outsized value to him. But his true gift is to give her the deed to [[Jewel Reef]]. Fireworks punctuate his declaration. He refers to the [[blue hole]] as not only the island's heart, but the sea's as well. He renames the island Gabriella's Atoll.
* ((Given the references to the ocean's heart, that the jewelry is said to be worn around her neck, and the deep blue color, this is likely a wink at the iconic [Heart of the Ocean](https://titanic.fandom.com/wiki/Heart_of_the_Ocean) necklace from the move *Titanic*.))

MC worries she won't be able to lie well enough to get a closer look. [[Rafayel]] reminds her of her backstory--she's the girlfriend of [[Yosef]]'s illegitimate nephew. With so many trials in her love story, she'd admire the romance between [[Maxwell]] and [[Gabriella]].
> MC: Rafayel, did you work as an actor before? How are you able to easily slip into any role?

He tells her to get her opportunity while she has it. Thirty minutes later, she returns, but didn't sense any energy [[fluctuation]]s from the jewelry, nor did the [[Hunter's Watch]] pick up any. It's normal jewelry. They sit next to the [[blue hole]] as she voices her frustrations. But the hunt for the [[Aether Core]] was never going to be easy, so she decides to lean into the island vacation for now.

Surprised she's comforted herself so quickly, [[Rafayel]] pulls out some sparklers anyway. He uses his [[Evol]] to make mini fireworks, then lights the sparklers and hands them to [[MC]].

Rafayel hears someone coming, and urges MC to hide. Soon, the [[Ever]] reps approach.
> ?? (man): We're ready. It won't be long before things get chaotic.
> ?? (woman): When the time comes, head to Maxwell's private collection room. It's in the southeast corner. Find it while I stay in the manor too...
> \[...]
> ?? (man): If only Maxwell sold the island to us. Then we wouldn't have to go through all this trouble.
> ?? (woman): Weren't you listening to the higher-ups? The stuff that's hidden on this island is very important. It can't end up with the wrong people...
> Rafayel: `(revealing himself)` What is this stuff exactly? Do you wanna share your big secret with me?
> ?? (man): Who's there?!

[[Rafayel]] encircles them with flames, then approaches. MC is close behind. MC asks whether they'd prefer to reveal themselves to the [[Hunters Association]], but then [[Metaflux]] surges and a [[Wanderer]] is about to appear.

 Violent tremors shake the sea, so [[MC]] heads toward the [[blue hole]]. [[Rafayel]] asks her whether she likes treasure hunts. He says high tide is the perfect time, and ushers her into the waves. A behemoth emerges from the center of the blue hole.

Commit message:

Improve formatting for main story files
Add next/prev links to all chapters that were missing them and clean up some inconsistent formatting, missing summaries, etc.

Main Story/03-B Land of Secret Flames - 08.md, after:

# Summary
[[MC]] finally has a chance to get close to [[Gabriella]] at the party, but finds that the jewelry is perfectly normal. She and [[Rafayel]] head to the [[blue hole]] as she vents her frustrations. As [[Rafayel]] comforts her with sparklers and mini fireworks, the [[Ever]] reps suddenly approach.

MC and Rafayel go to confront them, but there's a [[Metaflux]] surge and they instead decide to head to the [[blue hole]] for "treasure hunting".

← [[03-B Land of Secret Flames - 07]] | [[03-B Land of Secret Flames - 09]] →
# Details
It's 7pm, and the party is in full swing at the manor near the [[blue hole]]. [[Maxwell]] presents the jewelry to [[Gabriella]], revealing that the gemstones are from the place they fell in love, hence the outsized value to him. But his true gift is to give her the deed to [[Jewel Reef]]. Fireworks punctuate his declaration. He refers to the [[blue hole]] as not only the island's heart, but the sea's as well. He renames the island Gabriella's Atoll.
* ((Given the references to the ocean's heart, that the jewelry is said to be worn around her neck, and the deep blue color, this is likely a wink at the iconic [Heart of the Ocean](https://titanic.fandom.com/wiki/Heart_of_the_Ocean) necklace from the move *Titanic*.))

MC worries she won't be able to lie well enough to get a closer look. [[Rafayel]] reminds her of her backstory--she's the girlfriend of [[Yosef]]'s illegitimate nephew. With so many trials in her love story, she'd admire the romance between [[Maxwell]] and [[Gabriella]].
> MC: Rafayel, did you work as an actor before? How are you able to easily slip into any role?

He tells her to get her opportunity while she has it. Thirty minutes later, she returns, but didn't sense any energy [[fluctuation]]s from the jewelry, nor did the [[Hunter's Watch]] pick up any. It's normal jewelry. They sit next to the [[blue hole]] as she voices her frustrations. But the hunt for the [[Aether Core]] was never going to be easy, so she decides to lean into the island vacation for now.

Surprised she's comforted herself so quickly, [[Rafayel]] pulls out some sparklers anyway. He uses his [[Evol]] to make mini fireworks, then lights the sparklers and hands them to [[MC]].

Rafayel hears someone coming, and urges MC to hide. Soon, the [[Ever]] reps approach.
> ?? (man): We're ready. It won't be long before things get chaotic.
> ?? (woman): When the time comes, head to Maxwell's private collection room. It's in the southeast corner. Find it while I stay in the manor too...
> \[...]
> ?? (man): If only Maxwell sold the island to us. Then we wouldn't have to go through all this trouble.
> ?? (woman): Weren't you listening to the higher-ups? The stuff that's hidden on this island is very important. It can't end up with the wrong people...
> Rafayel: `(revealing himself)` What is this stuff exactly? Do you wanna share your big secret with me?
> ?? (man): Who's there?!

[[Rafayel]] encircles them with flames, then approaches. MC is close behind. MC asks whether they'd prefer to reveal themselves to the [[Hunters Association]], but then [[Metaflux]] surges and a [[Wanderer]] is about to appear.

 Violent tremors shake the sea, so [[MC]] heads toward the [[blue hole]]. [[Rafayel]] asks her whether she likes treasure hunts. He says high tide is the perfect time, and ushers her into the waves. A behemoth emerges from the center of the blue hole.
