# Summary
MC follows Caleb to a desolate "restricted zone" with partially destroyed buildings and equipment. Here, she dodges fleet officers and is initially helped by a girl covered in [[black crystals]]. The girl mentions [[Professor Lucius]] (As "The Professor" and "Father") shortly before her transformation completes. Now a [[human-like Wanderer]], she and the other "specimens" attack MC, specifically saying they want to eat her Aether Core.

The Fleet Officers begin to shoot them down, then [[Caleb]] appears and he and MC confront each other. She now knows the clean-ups are really about these "monsters". He implies that he's been trying to keep her safe from those who want her power. As his Evol begins to weaken the [[human-like Wanderer]]s, a large [[Wanderer]] coalesces and attacks.

← [[04-02.04 Annihilation]] | [[04-02.06 - Battle - Clean-Up]] →
## Commentary

### Final Clean-Up
Based on timing, this is most likely the [[Final Clean-Up]] that [[Viper]] mentioned in [[04-01.09 Blindfold]].
### Failed Experiments
Especially note the similarity of the girl's story to [[X-Heart]]. She was dead, brought back to live, and her heart turned to [[black crystals]].

# Details
MC follows [[Caleb]] to a desolate, destroyed area illuminated with flares and lined with caution tape. The area is overgrown with wild grass, indicating it's been long abandoned, but the metal strewn around is shiny and new. There are aircraft nearby, and the tracking signal disappeared (indicating a jammer).

> Unknown fleet officer: [[Test Site 5]] has been cleaned. We will now advance to the [[East Zone]]...

The fleet officer hears something, and MC is beckoned into a hiding spot by a young girl. Her skin is covered in crystals (i.e. [[black crystals]]) and she's unbothered by the cold rain.

MC overhears a fleet officer mention "these monsters are getting more aggressive".
> Fleet Officer A: The contamination levels here are extremely high. They're practically indistinguishable from [[Wanderer]]s now. Stay frosty. This batch of specimens is on the brink of transformation... Salvage value at 0%. Requesting confirmation to do the clean-up.
> MC: (Specimens... Is she one of them?)
> *The crystalline growths on the girl's body are similar to Kevi's, but far more severe—she's almost completely transformed into one of the "monsters" from N109 Zone.*
* ((See also: [[human-like Wanderer]], [[human to Wanderer transformation]], [[black crystals]]))
> ?: Hey, can you check if I'm still alive? Is my heart still beating?
> *Urging me, the girl grabs my hand and presses it to her chest.*
> MC: ...
> *I look down. A fist-sized cavity, covered in crystals, is in her chest.*
> *Within it, a large crystal pulsates and eerily glows in the place where her heart should be.* 
> MC: How... What happened to you?
> *Her skin, drained of all its color as she stands in the rain, betrays the weight of her memories as she cowers.*
> ?: As I was dying, someone whisked me away from the ward and took off the white cloth on my face. They made a promise... After one experiment, I could live again. Who wouldn't want that?
> *As she speaks, the crystals creep further up her neck. Yet she appears oblivious to them.*
> ?: It's a shame. If I passed the test, I could've been the Professor's daughter...
> *Curling up into a ball, she hides her face and muffles her sobs. The rain covers her anguish.*
> (The Professor... He's the one who took in Kevi under the pretense of adoption.)
> ?: The Professor who gave us a second chance at life... He's our Father...
> *Now I know for sure he was the one walking next to Caleb at that villa.*
> *He's definitely involved in this experiment and he must have something to do with the Farspace Fleet.*
> *The lockdown and clean-up are just a cover. The Fleet's true targets are these...*
> ?: Your power... It's warm. And you smell really nice.
> *Lightning splits the night sky, casting light on this narrow space.*
> *She stops sobbing. The girl raises her head, and I see her tear-streaked face. Click.*
> *The crystals fall.*
> *Those dark eyes are consumed. There are only empty eye sockets reminiscent of eye holes in a mask.*
> ?: Can I eat you?
> Bethany: ?!
> *She seems to lose consciousness. But then her cold fingers grab my wrist.*
> ?: Your strength... Give it to me...
> *Sensing her abnormal strength, I swiftly pull back. I use the momentum to throw the girl off balance and force her to fall to her knees.*
> *Raindrops trickle down her temple. Her skin is like a human's. I hesitate for a second before reaching for my gun.*
> *That single moment costs me, and a sharp pain shoots up from my knee.*
> *The crystalline spikes protruding from her shoulders pierce my left leg. My blood mixes with the rain.*
> ?: I said... You should let me eat you...
> *It's as if a silent signal has been given. Several figures emerge from the shadows and stagger toward me.*
> *[[Black crystals]] have almost engulfed every part of their bodies. They're barely recognizable as humans from their outlines.*
> *The crackling sound of burning flesh resounds in my ears again. Their silhouettes blur with the ones I remember from the N109 Zone...*
> *No... Those "things" are already here!*
> MC: (They're all here for the [[Aether Core]]...?!)

MC tries to fight her way out, realizing that the monsters are drawn to her power. She fires several shots, then the Fleet sees the specimens and also begins firing. Reminiscent of zombies, the [[human-like Wanderer]]s keep moving forward even after shot many times.

A space-distorting vortex ((made by [[Caleb]]'s Evol) appears ahead of MC, and the rain stops midair--[[Caleb]] appears. She confronts him, saying that the clean-up is really about these "monsters" and "Wanderers".
> Caleb: Now do you see? In this world--There will always be people who want your power.

The vortex weakens the remaining "monsters" and the [[Metaflux]] begins dissipating, but the energy still coalesces into a large [[Wanderer]] that charges them.