# Summary
[[MC]] wakes up to find that she's slept through the night and missed her appointment with [[Kevi]] and [[Zayne]]. When trying to contact Zayne, she runs into [[Caleb]] who says he got back at dawn. The news report says [[Kevi]] has been "rescued" by the [[Farspace Fleet]], and Caleb adds that they recovered the [[Spatium Core]] fragment. MC doesn't feel relieved, but tires to assure herself that Caleb has good intentions. He offers to take her out that day, but is interrupted by a phone call--[[Mia]] has died.

← [[04-02 Night Unending]] | [[04-02.02 Funeral]] →
## Commentary

# Details
MC has a nightmare about the [[Bloomshore District explosion]]--she begs Caleb to not go into the house, but he still does.

> *I sigh. Rubbing my pounding temples, I feel drained, my body heavy.*
> MC: (Last night, I was supposed to act like I was sleeping. But somehow I got dizzy and actually slept...)
> *Random thoughts race through my mind, and I grab my phone. The screen shows I had missed many calls.*
* ((References to feeling drained, becoming dizzy, etc hint that [[Caleb]] intentionally drugged MC. However, ambiguity remains. See also [[04-01.10 Heart's Crossing#Commentary#The "cold medicine"]]))

The missed calls from [[Zayne]] remind [[MC]] of [[Kevi]]. She hurries to try to contact Zayne, but runs into [[Caleb]] in the living room. He says he got back at dawn. A news report says that [[Kevi]] has been "rescued" by the [[Farspace Fleet]]. Caleb adds that they recovered an [[Aether Core]] fragment with him. (This is a fragment of the [[Spatium Core]].) MC doesn't feel relieved, but tries to assure herself that maybe the ominous clues are just coincidences.

Caleb mentions her fever is gone, and says he checked on her when she called out to him. She wonders if it's due to her nightmare. ((Caleb could also be lying, at least about the fever, especially since we know he did go and sit with her for before he left.))

Caleb offers to take MC out somewhere, but is stopped short by a phone call. [[Mia]] passed away.