# Summary
[[Caleb]] chases down [[Viper]], revealing that they know each other. There are references to "the professor" ([[Professor Lucius]]), a "perfect vessel" ([[MC]], who Lucius eventually wants for his augmentation project), and a [[Final Clean-Up]] that will happen in 72 hours.

Caleb is cold and violent towards [[Viper]], who points out the obsessive nature of [[Caleb]]'s protectiveness. Caleb promises to kill him if he touches MC again, this time merely leaving him seriously damaged. ((Given that he's mostly cyberkinetic at this point, all can be repaired.))

[[Caleb]] returns to [[MC]], pretending he couldn't find [[Viper]]. She was able to get some of his parts, so she'll send those to [[Data Analysis]]. As [[Caleb]] tells her they'll talk about it later, we get our first [[Let's go home]] of the main story arc.

Back at [[Caleb's place]], [[MC]] takes a hot shower and it's revealed that [[Caleb]] used to dry her hair a lot when they were kids--but he hasn't since he left for college in [[Skyhaven]]. This caring act is contrasted with a sinister note where [[Caleb]] promises that the [[Farspace Fleet]] *will* find Kevi.

## Commentary
### Caleb and Viper are "allies"
It's later revealed that [[Caleb]] and [[Viper]] are both working under [[Professor Lucius]] and so are technically allies, but [[Viper]] has always hated [[Caleb]] due to him becoming [[Professor Lucius]]'s new favorite.

### Caleb's goals
We also find out here that Caleb has also been tasked with finding [[Protocore fragment]]s, putting his goals directly at-odds with MC's. To the reader, it's not clear whether his familiarity and kindness towards MC are just to get her to let down her guard so he can find the fragments. (And, it may not be entirely clear to Caleb himself, either.)

### Blindfold
The chapter title, "Blindfold", hints at Caleb's deception here. He's essentially pulling the wool over MC's eyes, lying to her and hiding how much he knows.

# Details
Once out of the [[Protofield]], [[Caleb]] first checks that [[MC]] is unhurt. Then he sends stone shards chasing after [[Viper]] with his [[Evol]], hands MC the grocery bag, and tells her he'll be right back before vaulting over a railing to chase [[Viper]].

MC wonders how [[Caleb]] got there so fast.

Meanwhile, [[Viper]] says "Perfect vessel my ass", referring also to "us unfinished products".
* ((This foreshadows that [[Professor Lucius]] also has his eye on MC as he searches for a "perfect vessel" for cybernetic augmentation. He thought in [[WU-19 Serpent's Cast]] that [[Caleb]] might be this perfect vessel, but Caleb continues to resist the [[Toring chip]]'s influence.))

[[Caleb]] catches up to [[Viper]] and beats him around with his Evol, revealing that the two are familiar with each other. (([[WU-19 Serpent's Cast]] has the full backstory.)) Viper threatens to kill Caleb, but Caleb crushes him with the gravity [[Evol]], straining his cybernetic parts. Caleb crushes one of his eyes, demanding to know who said [[Viper]] could touch [[MC]].

[[Viper]] confesses that "the professor" ((ie [[Professor Lucius]])) said "it's not time to go after her yet" and that Viper's just "playing around". He reminds Caleb that there are less than 72 hours until the [[Final Clean-Up]], and that Caleb will be in trouble if he can't retrieve the [[Protocore fragment]]s.

[[Caleb]] asks which hand [[Viper]] used to touch [[MC]], then mutilates it. [[Viper]] says his protectiveness is "a bit much", and even borders on obsession (though [[Caleb]] cuts him off again).

The rain suddenly stops in the air (under the influence of Caleb's gravity Evol).
> Caleb: Lay a hand on her again, and I *will* kill you.
* ((This is notable because [[Caleb]] and [[Viper]] are technically allies, both working under [[Professor Lucius]]. Also, we get our first "touch her hand you die" trope moment of the game.))

Meanwhile, MC tries to find [[Caleb]] but is forced to wait for him. She hypothesizes that [[Viper]] was an [[Ever]] assassin, since he knew she had an [[Aether Core]].

Caleb returns with an umbrella, lying and saying that he lost track of [[Viper]]. MC checks him for injuries and is only calmed when she sees his hands are fine, then says she was able to get some of Viper's parts to send back to [[Data Analysis]].

He says they'll talk about it later, and "[[Let's go home]]." He reminds her to tell him when she goes out, and say she was worried about her. ((Though his tone is warm, there's a sinister angle to this in light of him lying about [[Viper]] and [[MC]] needing to keep [[Kevi]] from him to protect the boy from the Fleet.))

Caleb ushers MC to take a hot shower, then gives her soup as she scans the parts she recovered from [[Viper]]. Caleb gives her a hard time for not drying her hair, then dries it for her. Their conversation implies that he used to do this a lot when he was in high school, so she stopped bothering to do it himself.

She asks about the [[Deepspace Aviation Administration]], and Caleb reveals that neither they nor his previous comrades know he's still alive, and he wants to keep it that way.

MC then asks about [[Kevi and Mia's parents]], to which Caleb gives a cagey answer. When asked what the fleet will do if they can't find Kevi, the tells her not to worry--they *will* find him. (This takes on a sinister tone, knowing that [[Kevi]] was warned not to trust the Fleet.)