# Summary
[[MC]] and [[Caleb]] meet as planned, and [[MC]] remembers how [[Caleb]] wanted to see this supernova even as a child. She remembers [[Grandma]] saying that [[Caleb]] should protect her like a planet's rings protect the planet. She struggles with this version of Caleb that seems so familiar versus everything else she's seen.

MC re-gifts [[Caleb's necklace]] right as the supernova occurs, and as they watch it, it's beautiful but also foreboding--a star has fallen apart. Back at [[Caleb's place]], MC pretends to be asleep, even as Caleb checks on her. He locks her in as he leaves. When she goes to follow him (using the tracker in the necklace) and discovers this, she shoots the lock open.

← [[04-02.03 Lurking]] | [[04-02.05 Covert Operation]] →
## Commentary

# Details

> Astronomy broadcast: [[Klc9831007]] is an ancient star that's 2,300 light-years away from us. The [[Deepspace Academy]] has calculated the exact moment when the light from the supernova will reach Earth...

Night falls and people gather to watch the supernova. It stirs an old memory of Teenage Caleb where he did a project on that same star (a red supergiant) after [[Grandma]] had told them about it. At that time, he said he wanted to see the supernova when it occurred (which was predicted within their lifetime).
> MC: Didn't she also use it as an example? She said that no matter what difficulties we face in the future, you should protect me. It's like how a ring system protects its planet.
> Caleb: Gran never said that, though. Are you just remembering what you wanna year again?
> MC: But she did say it!
> Caleb: Actually, Gran said that powerful stars are destroyed by forces from within. Meanwhile, fragile humans need to endure outside forces. We don't need to face the future alone, though. It's like how planets and their ring systems are born together... They'll also fade away together.

Caleb arrives, seemingly in a cheerful mood, acting like nothing happened. He takes her hand and leads her through the crowd, and she remembers he always held her hand like that when they were back in school. It makes her doubt what she saw earlier that day. This side of Caleb seems unchanged from what she remembers. As they look out over [[Skyhaven]], he mentions exams are on the horizon. ((These would most likely be fall semester exams, potentially midterms, see also [[Main Story Timeline Flowchart.canvas|Main Story Timeline Flowchart]].))

MC mentions the last time she visited [[Skyhaven University]] was for [[Caleb]]'s graduation. She asks if he has regrets about going to the [[Aerospace Academy]], especially since he's now doing something so different. He brushes off these concerns.

> Caleb: Do you still dream about exploring the universe?
> MC: ...That's just nonsense kids say.
> *Caleb raises his head. There's a fleeting sadness on his face. I almost wonder if I had imagined it.*
> Caleb: Back at the shelter, I remember you said your home was beyond the stars. But... we couldn't even get past the walls and barbed wire.

They would sit on the rooftop and count the fighter jets flying by. They reminisce further about that time. MC tells him he's like a vault of secrets.

The supernova begins, but they're looking at each other. MC re-gifts [[Caleb's necklace]].
> Caleb: Who gives the same gift twice?
> MC: Okay, but who lost a precious gift from others?

A cinematic plays, depicting the dazzling lights of the supernova and MC and Caleb looking up at it. The one-screen text acknowledges that while it's beautiful, it means a star is falling apart. It's called a "foreboding sign".

Back at [[Caleb's place]], MC prepares for bed. Aerial shields have been activated to protect the city from the supernova's radiation, and the city will be on lockdown again for another "clean-up".

She's having trouble falling asleep, and pretends to still be asleep as Caleb comes into her room. He touches her forehead. Then, he leaves. MC goes to the window. She activates the tracker, intending to follow him, but the door's solidly locked. She wonders if Caleb tried to lock her in, then without hesitation, uses her gun to shoot open the lock.

