# Summary
[[MC]] and the fleet officers from [[04-01.01 Infiltration]] arrive at the command center as [[Colonel]] [[Caleb]]'s ship is landing. [[Joseph]] holds a detonator, and the Captain accuses him of being behind the [[Cascade District explosion]]. [[Joseph]] says the fleet made him do it, and at that moment, [[Caleb]]'s ship lands and he disembarks.

Caleb calmly confronts [[Joseph]], putting forward a version of the story that paints Joseph as an exemplary officer going crazy due to too much Deepspace exposure whose erratic behavior (including the murder of his wife and daughter two months ago) is due to [[Cybezin]] abuse. Ultimately, Caleb kills him with a black hole.

He then states that there's another "traitor" in their midst, turning his attention to MC, who he's now recognized. As he pins MC with his gravity Evol, she finally processes that this familiar voice is truly [[Caleb]].

# Commentary

### Caleb's account
[[Caleb]]'s story here should be treated with much suspicion. [[Joseph]]'s page reviews which details of the account are likely fact. More will be revealed later to indicate that the "chip" mentioned here is indeed the [[Toring chip]] which is capable of mental manipulation and control. [[Joseph]]'s claims of innocence here are likely accurate, and the story that Caleb tells is the official fleet story which will use Joseph as a scapegoat for the fleet's own machinations. They have their own reasons to cause the [[Cascade District explosion]], also revealed later.

### MC and Caleb reunite
MC hears Caleb's voice, sees him, and experiences his Evol for the first time since the [[Bloomshore District explosion]]. Though the reader has had hints of Caleb still being alive, MC has not--this is shocking to her and she reacts accordingly. Though, we see in the next scene, [[04-01.03 Empathic Interrogation]], that she's able to keep a steady head and doesn't immediately trust the seemingly resurrected Caleb.

# Details
[[MC]] arrives at the [[Farspace Fleet command center]] where a man in a fleet uniform ((soon revealed to be [[Joseph]])) is holding a detonator.

The Captain claims that this man has been storing weapons on the side and set off the [[Cascade District explosion]] in order to provoke dissatisfaction with the new [[Colonel]], and that his madness is due to too much time in the [[Deepspace Tunnel]].

However, [[Joseph]] says:
> They made me... The Fleet forced me!

Officers are sent to guard all entrances and exits as the [[Colonel]]'s ship lands. [[Caleb]] steps out. He directly approaches [[Joseph]]. As he speaks, [[MC]] realizes his voice is familiar. MC also notes that Joseph's voice sounds like his vocal cords have been damaged.

> Caleb: Joseph, you were chosen to be the pilot of a year-long [[Deepspace Tunnel]] observation mission. Your outstanding performance three years ago was proof of your capabilities. \[...] You would have enjoyed the privileges befitting a skilled officer after your return. But two months ago, your wife and child died in the Fleet's brig. Believing your revealed the Fleet's secrets during your mission, you put your family under house arrest. They had died as a result. You're the person behind the [[Cascade District]]'s explosion, yes? And you ere trying to make a statement to the fleet by attacking its members.
> Joseph: You... You know why!
> Caleb: And yet the information I collected tells a different story. After your mission ended two years ago, you were suffering from the effects of long-term exposure to cosmic radiation. Your memories were severely affected. Hence, you received a prescription for the psychotropic drug [[Cybezin]] at the medical center. But you went ahead and increased the dosage on your own. You probably weren't aware that a [[Cybezin]] addiction can lead to cognitive dissonance and confusion. That's why after your overdose, you accidentally killed your wife and child. When you recovered, you created a lie to escape from the pain of what you've done.
> Joseph: N-no! That's not possible! You made me do it! You planted a mind control device in me. It's that chip--

Caleb summons a black hole behind Joseph using his gravity [[Evol]], telling Joseph he doesn't need to defend himself anymore. Both Joseph and the detonator disappear into the black hole. It vanishes, and the sky reappears. Caleb commands the officers to lock down the command center as there's still a "traitor" amongst them. (That is, he recognizes MC and knows she's not part of the fleet.)

MC realizes that such an investigation might reveal her, so she tries to slip away, but is pinned by the weight of the Gravity [[Evol]]. She remembers Caleb using this Evol on her in the past (when she wanted to go out and buy snacks, but he thought it was too dangerous). As this realization plus the familiarity of his voice leaves MC reeling, Caleb tells the other officers that they won't need to investigate her identity--he'll handle it.