# Summary
Caleb forcefully tends to MC's wounds, using his Evol to keep her in place as he reminds her of an injured cat they once helped--and how he put a bell on it to keep it from escaping before it was healed. As tensions escalate, he coldly tells her she only has to wait three more days so he can tie up "loose ends" and then she can leave.

Three days later, tensions are still high as he says she'll be safe soon--and she demands to know if he's just going to disappear again. He tries to get her to come at a meal with him and she resists--leading to a sort of confession from Caleb. He talks about wanting to build a maze to hide her from the world and protect her, says he always had these feelings (they aren't from some chip), and that it's been suffocating.

← [[04-02.08 Escape]] | [[04-02.10 Crossroads]] →
## Commentary

### Caleb's protectiveness
Though we do learn later that the [[Toring chip]] _is_ altering Caleb's personality, it's important to note how Caleb admits that he's always had these intense and obsessive protective feelings for MC. The yearning has always been there.

# Details
Caleb sternly tries to treat MC's wound while she resists and confronts him about his duality. Caleb uses his Evol to hold her in place as he addresses her wound, then reminds her of a cat they helped when they were younger.

> Caleb: Do you remember that injured cat you brought back home? Back when we were kids. We kept it in the backyard. But that cat always kept trying to run away before it fully recovered. \[...] Do you want to know what I did in response? I got a collar with a bell. I put it on the cat. That way, it couldn't escape without being noisy. If I had that kind of bell right now... I should make you wear it, right?

He puts a bracelet on her that scans her vital signs and indicates that the wound is infected due to the "monster", insisting that there's no way she can move around without injuring herself further.

MC says she's fed up with his "protection", which seems to distress Caleb. Turning cold again, he says she only has to put up with him for three more days. ((Note that this is the same time period before the [[Deepspace Tunnel]] mission mentioned by the [[Former Colonel]].)) He says he can clean up all the "loose ends" in those days.

Time skip: Three days later

The news reports that the Fleet will be lifting the lockdown that started with the [[Cascade District explosion]] soon, and Caleb confirms that the Fleet is about to return to the [[Deepspace Tunnel]] and so she'll be safe for now.

> MC: In other words, you'll just disappear again? And not even say anything?
> Caleb: I'll be gone. Aren't you happy you won't have to see me then?

Caleb tries to take her wrist and pull her to the kitchen, saying it'd be nice if they had a meal together, but MC resists. Their confrontation escalates.

> Caleb: Oh I know. You're thinking some chip got put into my brain, right? And now, I'm no longer who I used to be. What if I told you I was always like this? Your life has threats around every corner. The people whoa re after your power, who wanna hurt you--they should all just... disappear. You're only safe when you're by my side.

She says she doesn't want to live "safely" like this and that she doesn't need him--and he goes on about building her a maze with everything she could ever want to hide her away from the world. She tries to placate him, telling him that he's important to her, but he can't just keep her from the world.

> Caleb: I've always held myself back and endured. Day, after day, after day. it was suffocating. But now, I'm tired of playing these games.

