# Summary
[[MC]] follows [[Viper]]'s tip and uses the signal jamming device to infiltrate [[Lucius's Villa]]. There she talks with [[Kevi]] and sees that a chip ((a [[Toring chip]])) is manipulating his emotions and erasing his memories. He also gives an unsettling report of what "The Professor" (([[Professor Lucius]])) says.

She hides nearby and overhears [[Professor Lucius]] and [[Caleb]] conversing and it's clear they're working together, though [[Caleb]] is genuinely unsettled about [[Mia]]'s death and tries to learn if it was part of [[Professor Lucius]]'s plan. Lucius dodges the question. ((Later we'll learn that [[Caleb]] also has a [[Toring chip]].))

In a brief Caleb POV, we learn that Caleb promises that if MC ever does learn too much, he'll hide her somewhere no one can find her (instead of letting Lucius kill/hurt her.)

MC shares what's he's learned with the [[Hunters Association]] and prepares to return to [[Linkon]]. Before she goes, she combines [[Caleb's necklace]] with a Hunter-issued [[stealth monitoring chip]] and makes plans to give it to him at an upcoming supernova that afternoon, which can be seen from the [[Aerospace Center]].

← [[04-02.02 Funeral]] | [[04-02.04 Annihilation]] →
## Commentary

### Family
This chapter calls out a key theme of [[04 Homecoming Wings]]--the meaning of family. MC, Caleb, and [[Grandma]] formed a sort of found family, and on the surface [[Professor Lucius]] is doing the same thing. However, Lucius is sinister and manipulative. Still, [[Grandma]] wasn't entirely truthful--she was also once a researcher for [[Ever]]. The two families form an interesting contrast, especially in the light of the budding (forbidden) romance between [[MC]] and [[Caleb]].

# Details
MC arrives at [[Lucius's Villa]], a beautiful and secluded villa ringed by a wrought iron fence. Using the signal jammer from [[Viper]], she's able to scale the wall undetected. In the villa's courtyard, she finds [[Kevi]].

He replies warmly, seeming unperturbed by her sudden appearance. She asks how he's doing, and he reports that the professor (([[Professor Lucius]], explicitly confirmed in [[04-02.05 Covert Operation]])) says he's talented but has much to learn, so he'll be finishing his coursework at the villa. ((That is, Lucius is separating him from the outside world.))

Kevi holds a bird he caught in the garden, and calmly says that if he breaks its wings, it'll stay in the garden forever. But it would die quickly. Kevi elaborates, providing an apt metaphor for what [[Professor Lucius]] is doing to the individuals in his care.
> Kevi: The Professor said if we damage the bird's neuromuscular system, it won't be able to fly. But it will believe it can. Slowly, it'll get used to its life on the ground. The bird will then forget that it's supposed to fly.

Disturbed, MC asks more about the professor.
> Kevi: I can't tell you. You're not my family.

MC asks about Mia.
> Kevi: My sister... She's dead. The Professor said it's wrong to be sad. I shouldn't be sad. I'll have a lot of brothers and sisters. And I'll be strong...  I've always believed... When you lose a loved one, you're supposed to be sad. But Miss, I don't feel that way at all... Should I be sad?
> *Kevi's fingers inadvertently relax, and the bird uses this opportunity to flap its wings and soar into the sky. He lowers his head, tears falling onto his hand. A confused expression appears on his face again.
> I touch his shoulder, ready to speak comforting words. But a faint mechanical noise catches my attention.*
> ??: System error. Attempting a second reboot. The primary personality as attacking the Control Program.
> *My gaze flickers to a thin metal bracelet on Kevi's wrist. It emits a faint blue light.*
> Kevi: No... No... It shouldn't be like this!

Kevi continues to struggle briefly, then the voice announces:
> ??: The chip... Rereading... Inputting memory...

With the tears still on his cheeks, Kevi seems to have completely forgotten about their exchange, greeting MC as if she's just arrived. He warns her that she should leave since the Professor will be there soon.

MC jumps back over the wall and hides, then overhears a voice speaking to Kevi. (([[Professor Lucius]])) He says, "I see you're struggling to restrain the fragmented consciousness that isn't yours. Those memories, emotions, and feelings don't belong to you. Don't let them consume you."

Then she hears [[Caleb]]'s voice.
> Caleb: Was that girl, [[Mia]], also part of your plan? She didn't show any signs of transformation. So why?
> [[Professor Lucius]]: You're overthinking it. For normal people like her, we don't need to get too attached. Letting your emotions run wild and blaming yourself for every little mistake... It will only hold you back.
> Caleb: ...
> [[Professor Lucius]]: How is everything going on your end?
> Caleb: We'll soon be done with clean-up. As for the salvaging process, we'll pick up the pace.
> [[Professor Lucius]]: The plan will be starting again. You must ensure she doesn't interfere with it. Otherwise, I won't be able to keep this a secret for much longer.
> Caleb: She won't.

The POV switches to Caleb. He gets a glimpse of MC, but tells Professor Lucius it's nothing. It's implied that MC is leaving, and so didn't overhear the next lines.
> Caleb: If that day truly comes, and she discovers everything... I'll keep her hidden. She'll be in a place where no one can find her.

Back to MC's POV:
> Despite my "extended leave" status, my urgent message doesn't raise any eyebrows among my colleagues in Special Operations. After requesting support regarding [[Kevi]]'s condition, I also inform Captain [[Jenna]] of my deduction that the [[Spatium Core]] Fragment has likely fallen into the [[Farspace Fleet]]'s hands. In response, she repeatedly emphasizes [[Skyhaven]]'s complex situation and would rather miss an opportunity than allow me to attempt a risky reacquisition mission. I promise multiple times not to act rashly. Soon enough, [[Andrew]]'s search yields preliminary results. Unsurprisingly, looking up "Farspace Fleet" and "mind control chips" gives no results.

Her inner monologue confirms that the Fleet is using a "chip" ((the [[Toring chip]])) to control both [[Joseph]] and [[Kevi]]. ((At this time, [[Caleb]] also has such a chip, as does much of the [[Farspace Fleet]].)) She suspects they have greater plans than just acquiring [[Aether Core]] fragments.

MC realizes that she has both [[Caleb's necklace]] and a [[stealth monitoring chip]] from the [[Hunters Association]], so she combines them and arranges to meet Caleb. She suggests the [[Aerospace Center]] to witness a supernova.