# Summary
The following evening, MC notices that the ship is parked at Fleet HQ ([[Farspace Fleet command center]]). Seizing an opportunity for escape, she impersonates a nurse and coincidentally learns about the [[Toring chip]] from the product label for [[Cybezin]]. She overhears Caleb talking to the [[Former Colonel]] about a deepspace voyage occurring in 3 days, and when Caleb's done he instantly finds her and takes her back to [[Caleb's place]] to keep her there instead.

← [[04-02.07 Dark Side]] | [[04-02.09 Captive Bird]] →
## Commentary

# Details
Groggy, MC awakens at nighttime. Outside, she sees the [[Farspace Fleet command center]]. Since the ship is on the ground, she seizes her chance for escape, disabling a nurse and stealing her uniform.

She has an encounter with a Fleet Officer and successfully fools him. He takes three syringes of "stabilizer" from her cart--i.e. [[Cybezin]]. MC remembers how [[Joseph]] claimed he'd been implanted with a mind-control chip and the Fleet claimed he overdosed on [[Cybezin]], as well as [[Kevi]]'s "chip" and connects these both to the "[[Toring chip]]" described on the [[Cybezin]] packaging. MC suddenly wonders if this could be responsible for Caleb's changes as well.

[[Caleb]] appears nearby in the hallway, talking to someone.

> [[Former Colonel]]: I heard you'll lead the Fleet on a patrol through the depths of the [[Deepspace Tunnel]] in three days. [[The Fountain of Atei]] is about to enter its next phase. A banquet will be held in your honor before you leave.
> Caleb: I can't attend the celebratory banquet anyway. I have some personal matters to deal with.
> Former Colonel: The higher-ups gave the order. You shouldn't ignore them.
> *Caleb doesn't speak for a moment before he responds in a lower voice.*
> Caleb: Speculating on other people's thoughts isn't my forte. And since l've taken your place, I can order you to leave now.

With the [[Former Colonel]] gone, [[Caleb]] instantly knows it's [[MC]] in the corridor and approaches her, warning her there's no escape. She says that since he was brave enough to bring her to HQ, that means he still has her back. His laugh is ominous and he takes her "home" to [[Caleb's place]] instead.

The wound on her knee has reopened, and he picks her up and carries her to the living room.