# Summary
MC finds herself in the [[Fleet interrogation room]] aboard the [[Farspace Fleet starship]]. [[Caleb]] begins the interrogation as a silhouette on the other side of a two-way mirror. MC originally stays in-character but tries to fish details out of him about why he's interrogating her personally.

As she hints that she knows what's going on, he enters the room, and she sees him up close. She almost says his name, but he coldly cuts her off. The conversation then unfolds in layers of double-speak as Caleb continues to act as the Fleet [[Colonel]], but gives her hints about what's happening.

Though he tells her repeatedly not to lie, he's also revealing to her details that will help her get away with it. He presses about the [[Aether Core]] and her time in the [[N109 Zone]], but [[MC]] understands his meaning and continues to lie, saying she knows nothing about them.

Finally, [[Caleb]] seems to decide that she's passed, and the interrogation equipment turns off. He suddenly becomes his cheerier self, looks concerned that he's scared her, and MC is emotionally overwhelmed and hugs him as they finally reuinte.

â† [[04-01.02 Above the Clouds]] | [[04-01.04 Gentle Gaze]] â†’
# Commentary

## Caleb's state of mind
We learn in [[Caleb Farspace myth]] that not only does [[Caleb]] have his own [[Toring chip]], but only 7% of his original memory/personality remains. This is partly to blame for his seemingly sudden shifts in personality.

Caleb also knows he needs to keep up certain appearances for the Fleet, and he's shocked to see MC as well (though he's clearly been keeping tabs on her). So, he needs an interrogation "on file", so to speak, in order to absolve her of suspicion later.

# Details
MC has been taken to the [[Fleet interrogation room]] aboard the [[Farspace Fleet starship]]. An officer drops her off and says the [[Colonel]] will interrogate her himself.

[[Caleb]] appears on the other side of the one-way mirror as a blurry silhouette, telling her to cooperate. MC stays in-character, but tries to provoke Caleb into revealing more about himself and if/how he recognizes her.

> MC: Colonel, I'm a small fish. Why are you personally interrogating me?
> Caleb: You deceived the entire Fleet with a fake identity. Can you really be called a small fish? Do you know what happens to people who pretend to be a Fleet officer?
> MC: Despite figuring out who I am, you didn't attack me. Instead, you brought me to an interrogation room... Either I committed a more serious mistake than pretending to be an officer... Or I have a secret that piques your interest. 

Caleb walks into the room, finding MC bound to the interrogation chair. Later, we learn that they're being recorded and he needs to keep a cover story intact, which is largely why he's cold towards MC when she first sees him up close again. There's a lot of double-speak in this conversation, so it's transcribed in full:

> Caleb: If you understand the situation, then let's go ahead and have a nice chat.
> MC: Is it really you?! Ca--
> Caleb: Show some respect to the [[Farspace Fleet]]'s [[Colonel]]
> MC: (...That means... He's definitely part of that group. How can a stranger look so similar to Caleb? I can't believe it...) Sir, have we met before? You seem familiar.
> Caleb: `(coldly)` You're wrong.
> MC: ...But you look exactly like someone I know!
> Caleb: Hm. Watch your mouth. `(Leans over MC with his hands on the shackles at her wrists)` There's more than one pair of eyes observing you in this room.
> MC: (The camera... If he really is Caleb, could there be a secret behind all this...) Alright.
> Caleb: Smart move. Good. Let's get started, then.
> MC: `(defiantly)` What is this?
> Caleb: An interrogation, of course... And a thorough inspection.
> `Caleb picks up a white gun (which could be her Hunter Pistol) and tosses it aside.`
> Caleb: Once we're done here, I'll return it to you. `(He notices his necklace around her neck and picks it up.)`
> MC: It belonged to someone from my childhood. He died in an explosion. Like the one in the [[Cascade District]]. I... I miss him. `(MC pauses, Caleb looks at the necklace.)` Sir, can you tell me something? If that person hadn't died, would he support me even now?
> Caleb: In the [[Farspace Fleet]] there are only soldiers and officers. `(He drops the necklace.)`
> MC: Then what about you? Will you support me?
> Caleb: Do what you're told and don't cause any trouble. You won't get hurt, then.
> `(He pulls a collar with a glowing blue light out of a drawer.)`
> MC: What's this?
> Caleb: It's a [[Mood Tracker]]. The cameras in this room will scan your iris and facial movements before sending the data straight through a terminal. That, along with the monitor's information, will be analyzed to gauge your emotional stability. In other words, there's a catch. You can't lie, no matter what.
> MC: You...!
> Caleb: It's necessary. `(Leaning down over her shoulder, speaking quietly)` Be obedient, and it will be over before you know it.
> `(Caleb picks up a wand-like device from the supply drawer, then leans back against the cabinet.)`
> Caleb: Did you pretend to be an officer just so you could investigate the [[Aether Core]]? Be honest.
> MC: (What? He knows about the [[Aether Core]]! But...) `(MC glances at the camera, then looks down.)` I don't know.
> Caleb: `(Pulls her chin back up with the wand.)` I told you before. You're not allowed to lie.
> MC: `(defiantly)` I didn't.
> Caleb: Recently, there was a large energy explosion in the [[N109 Zone]] related to an [[Aether Core]].
* ((This is a reference to [[02-02.12 Resonance's Power]].))

> Caleb: At that time, you disappeared without a trace and didn't check in with any organization. But you weren't punished upon your return. Our intel suggests *you* were in the [[N109 Zone]].
> MC: I... don't understand.
> Caleb: Allow me to remind you that we're in [[Skyhaven]]. We're above the clouds, and even the [[World Evol Government]] has to abide by the Fleet. Your survival here, and your chance at being able to leave this place alive, depend on your honestly and willingness to follow my orders.
> `(Caleb runs the wand down her neck, then back up to her chin.)`
> Caleb: I will ask again. Did you come to [[Skyhaven]] for the [[Aether Core]]?
> MC: `(audible heartbeats)` (Is... Is he really Caleb?!)
> Caleb: Answer me. Remember, the camera is watching. You must tell the truth.
> MC: (The camera... He's reminding me that there's surveillance, so I can't say anything...) I *am* telling the truth. I'm not related to anything involving an [[Aether Core]]!
> Caleb: `(looks down briefly (to the necklace?), then back to her)` This is your last chance.
> MC: ...I don't know anything.
> `(A device rapidly beeps. The lights on the wand go out.)`
> Caleb: `(straightens, lights come on)` You passed.
> `(the shackles open)`
> MC: You...
> Caleb: `(Noticably softer tone)` Hm. Surprised? Sur it's been a while, but you already forgot about me? `(ruffles her hair)`
> MC: You... it's you, right? Caleb.
> Caleb: Is there another me in the world? `(looking concerned)` Did I scare you?
> MC: `(hugs him)` It is you! Caleb... I must be dreaming.
> `(She reaches up to touch his cheek with her hand, and he places his hand over hers, closing his eyes and nuzzling into it.)`
> Caleb: It's me... It's okay. I'm back.
> `(MC hugs him again)`

