# Summary
MC sees Caleb off for his mission. After their tense goodbye, she finds a "forgiveness coupon" from him in her pocket--one saved from their childhood. Though she doesn't know what's real or fake with him, she knows she doesn't want to lose them again.

POV shifts and we get a scene with [[Professor Lucius]]'s "children" in a [[secret biodome]]--[[Viper]], [[Kevi]], and [[black dress girl]]. [[Caleb]] arrives and goes to meet [[Professor Lucius]] while he's talking to [[bedridden man]] about their plans, including [[Grandma]]'s history as a researcher and [[MC]]'s power. After Caleb leaves, [[Professor Lucius]] reveals that [[The Fountain of Atei]] will soon be put into motion.

((This chapter is fairly dense with lore drops, so reading the transcripts below is recommended.))

← [[04-02.09 Captive Bird]] | [[04-02.11 Battle - Embers - Challenge]] →
## Commentary

### Timing of Caleb's scene
Initially, it appears that Caleb's Deepspace mission was a ruse and he was actually headed back to the [[secret biodome]] to meet with [[Professor Lucius]]. However, it's also possible that there was an unspecified time skip.

### Caleb playing Lucius
Caleb speaks harshly about MC to Lucius, calling her a "broken thing" and saying her powers haven't activated yet. As hinted at in the previous chapter, it's important to think about what's real and what's fake with Caleb.

He knows that [[Professor Lucius]] wants her power, and in [[04-02.09 Captive Bird]] we see how furious he is about the idea of people trying to get her power. So, with that in mind, we can see how Caleb is attempting to protect MC even now. By being dismissive of her to Lucius, he's hoping to get Lucius to stop paying as much attention to her and therefore leave her alone.

### Lucius's schemes
[[Viper]] reveals that it was actually Lucius's group that created the [[modified Protocore]]s used in the [[Flux Nexus]]es, meaning they were the ones that bought out [[Sherman]] to try to deal with [[Sylus]]. (Recall that the entire point of putting the [[Aether Core]] at the [[Protocore auction]] was to bait out Sylus to lose to the [[Arbiterwings]] they summoned via the [[Deepspace Tunnel]].) Their motives are made explicit here--they want the old research equipment and data about [[MC]] that are in the destroyed [[Gaia Research Center]], but naturally, [[Sylus]] has been getting in their way as the boss of the [[N109 Zone]]. He's long had it out for [[Ever]], which we first see in [[01-07.01 Investigation]]. We also specifically see him deal with one of the Flux Nexuses in [[02-02.05 Nightmare Finale]].

It is, in fact, not unlikely that [[Sylus]] himself has found those old experimental records, given his giftedness with technology (see: [[Mephisto]]), his interest in MC, and his at one point or another possessing both the [[Eye of Aether]] ([[Land of Lost]]) and a [[Protocore map]] ([[WU-14 Elysium]]).

# Details
> *I found Caleb again. And yet the familiar person from my memories has been eaten away by some indescribable, hidden pain. Only fragments remain.*
> *The night sky above Skyhaven is clear, but all its secrets are somewhere in the bottomless, unfathomable depths of his eyes.*
> *The night before he left, I dreamed about our childhood.*
> *I dreamt of Caleb and me running down the streets, skipping class, grabbing ice cream, and reading comic books.*
> *And I dreamt of that day when we held hands and became part of each other's lives.*
> Caleb: Remember this. From now on, I'll always be by your side. It's okay. I'll always be there for you, and I won't hurt you. Why are you crying here by yourself? Who bullied you? It's okay, I'll avenge you.
> MC: ...
> Caleb: Hold my hand. You won't have to worry about losing your way when I'm here.

MC says goodbye to Caleb on the runway as the Fleet leaves for their mission. It's awkward, but he tells her to eat on time and to look after herself.

On the way back to [[Linkon]], MC connects with [[Tara]]. The cover story MC gave Tara was that she was at a wedding, and Tara questions why the wedding lasted so long but has to get back to work before MC is forced to give an excuse.

In her pocket, MC finds a "forgiveness coupon" she made for Caleb when she was a kid. It affirms that, while she doesn't know what's real or fake with him right now, she doesn't want to lose him a second time.

MC recaps:
> The [[Farspace Fleet]] has the [[Spatium Core]] Fragment. And with that, the chapter on the explosion incident draws to a close. However, [[Mia]]'s fate is enshrouded in mystery, and [[Kevi]]'s future is uncertain with that chip. This isn't an ending but the beginning of another story. An invisible web has been cast with the [[Aether Core]] acting as a lead ball. As a result, it has created a gravitational field that's as strong as a black hole. [[Ever]], the Farspace Fleet, myself... Who knows how many more pieces are being pulled in? Either way, they're slowly or quickly rolling into a void.
> The [[Toring Chip]]... [[The Fountain of Atei]]... Those patients turned into "monsters" via "experiments"... Everything seems to lead back to one source: the Professor who's lurking in the shadows.
* ((See also: [[Professor Lucius]], [[human-like Wanderer]], [[human to Wanderer transformation]]))

The narrative switches to Caleb's POV.
> In the heart of Skyhaven's main island, opposite the Aerospace Center, are rows and rows of new buildings that popped up recently. Inside one of them, researchers are scurrying around with papers and walking into different labs.
> 
> They're preparing to announce the biggest breakthrough of the century, so there's no room for mistakes.
> 
> Caleb silently stands in the elevator as it climbs to a "nonexistent" floor that can only be accessed with special clearance. The doors slide open, and he walks down a gray corridor and toward an arched door. A device with a faint green light scans his eyes. Then, the door quietly opens. Before him, a scene unfolds. It's vastly different from the dull gray and white of his surroundings earlier. A seemingly endless expanse of lush, green trees stretches out under a glass dome and shiny silver roof.
* ((See also: [[secret biodome]]))

> [[Viper]]: ...first we went ahead and recycled those abandoned Flux Nexuses. Then we paid the [[N109 Zone]] a visit to get info on [[Onychinus]]. Our [[Skyhaven]] gig is almost over. Where's our next stop? Tch, we practically spoiled [[Ever]] and those old people in the Fleet. We're like their personal hitmen.
> [[Kevi]]: Does he ever stop talking?
> [[Viper]]: Don't think I won't beat you up because you're a kid.
> [[black dress girl]]: You two, stop arguing. The Professor said we're family. And families are all about love and kindness.
> *Viper leans against a massive tree. He puts his hands behind his head as he grumbles to himself. The other two are sitting nearby: a little boy and a girl wearing a black dress.*

Viper wonders where Caleb is, calling him Mr. Overprotective. Caleb twists his head around with a smile. A mechanical bug flutters by.

> [[Professor Lucius]]: ...fourteen years ago, Josephine (([[Grandma]])) and her team defected. They kept quiet about that kid being the best test subject. The [[Gaia Research Center]] was destroyed during the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]] and then the [[N109 Zone]] took over. With [[Onychinus]] and those gangs around, retrieving their old experimental data and equipment is not an easy thing. Josephine and her researchers have been using fake names for years and kept this achievement of theirs a secret. But our investigation has paid off. Not to mention, Josephine and her traitors got what they deserved.
> [[bedridden man]]: That means you've found the child who disappeared back then.
> [[Caleb]]: From what we've seen and how she's been acting, her powers haven't activated yet.
> *The man with salt-and-pepper hair glances to the side. The youngster has entered the room.*
> Caleb: Compared to that broken thing, I'm a weapon perfectly primed for [[Ever]].
> *Caleb calmly looks up and stares at the hologram in the air. It displays a massive hospital ward. In the darkness, there's a figure who's barely visible.*
> [[bedridden man]]: I've... been waiting for many years.
> *The man on the hospital bed finally peeks out of the gloom. Half of his face is on the thinner side. His skin is so pale that it's almost transparent. And his voice carries the weight of pure fatigue.*
> [[bedridden man]]: So, don't make me wait any more.
> [[Professor Lucius]]: Of course.

Caleb leaves. Speaking to the [[bedridden man]]:
> [[Professor Lucius]]: [[The Fountain of Atei]] will be put into motion, and [[Ever]] will soon reveal its revolutionary vision to the world. We'll track down the missing child. But... now isn't the best time.

Looking at [[Caleb's mechanical arm]], Lucius adds on that they'll act before Caleb becomes "completely useless". ((This hints at how his body is rejecting the chip's control, as explored further in [[Lucid Dreams]].)) He muses that the modifications will continue to transform Caleb into an unfeeling weapon.


The screen becomes black with on-screen text. Instead of a [[cosmic cinematic]], [[04 Homecoming Wings]] concludes with this poem:
> In a forest where shattered stars rest, a crystalline pool appears.
> As if infused with the wine of life, it's clear yet murky.
> Young Traveler, do not drink from it.
> Lost Lover, do not drink from it.
> But when flowers wither in their sleep, when winds fall silent, when the vigilant owl closes its eyes--
> Only then can you drink deep of these waters.
> Let the Dead sing:
> "O Fountain of Atei! Cleanse my time, nourish my flesh, spare me from the loneliness of eternal rest!
> Spare me from the loneliness of eternal rest..."