# Summary
MC leaves the area of the [[Cascade District explosion]], calling [[Zayne]] immediately and catching him up. It's revealed that the [[black crystals]] relate to [[Zayne's research]] and the [[Mt Eternal incident]], and [[Zayne]] helps [[MC]] come up with a plan to get [[Kevi]] to [[Akso Hospital]]. Zayne will be able to collect him the following night.

Right after, it starts raining, and [[MC]] catches up on missed messages from [[Caleb]]. After sending her location, she hides from the rain under an overpass. [[Viper]] appears, greeting her with a "bomb" that seems to trigger a [[Metaflux]] surge that summons wanderers. [[Caleb]] arrives, knocking back a [[Wanderer]] with an apple spirited by his gravity [[Evol]], and then they head into battle.

← [[04-01.06 Veiled Sanctuary]] | [[04-01.08 Battle - Snake Trap]] →
## Commentary

### Viper's plan
This is Viper's first appearance. We confirm in [[WU-19 Serpent's Cast]] that [[Viper]] has a vendetta against [[Caleb]] (though it's [[Professor Lucius]] he should really hate) and so he's likely here messing with [[MC]] of his own volition, probably against Lucius's orders.

# Details
MC leaves the area of the [[Cascade District explosion]] and immediately calls [[Zayne]], telling him everything. MC reveals that she and [[Zayne]] came to a conclusion about the patient at [[Chansia Hospital]]--someone's responsible for this "crystal-related disease" and [[Aether Core]] exposure alone isn't enough. (After all, she's been fine for years.)

> Zayne: A few years ago, I witnessed something similar. That person was my friend.
* ((This is a reference to [[William]]'s fate during the [[Mt Eternal incident]].))

> Zayne: After that incident, we learned that under extremely special circumstances-- When [[Wanderer]]s strike, their attacks cause energy crystals to grow in the afflicted area. They corrode the human body and grow a sort of "shell" over it. Once that happens, the victims can lose their sanity within seconds and uncontrollably lash out at anyone around them.
> *Some of the vague relationships between a few things become clearer: Zayne's secret research, the small animals at Dr. Noah's home...*
> MC: Your research with [[Dr. Noah]] in the [[Arctic]] involves this, right?
> Zayne: It does.
* ((See also, [[Zayne's research]]))

Zayne says it sounds like Kevi's transformation hasn't truly begun, but that doesn't mean they shouldn't hurry. MC affirms she's worried about [[Kevi]] staying in [[Skyhaven]], and Zayne agrees to find a way to get him to [[Akso Hospital]], by tomorrow night at the latest.

MC expresses that she thought she was strong enough to handle challenges like this on her own, but the challenges keep getting harder. She's glad she's never had to go it alone. Zayne suggests he's maybe also doing this for his own reasons. ((That is, [[Zayne]] is always haunted by the [[black crystals]] and wants to get to the bottom of this.))

After the call, MC heads back to the station, reflecting on what's occurred. Clouds roll in across the formerly clear sky, threatening rain.

Passers by chat about tensions being high due to the [[Cascade District explosion]], as well as the [[Deepspace Tunnel]] causing more [[Wanderer]]s to appear in [[Skyhaven]]. Finding unread messages from Caleb, MC responds with her location. As she hides from the rain, she sees a green-haired figure in a black coat with a high collar--[[Viper]]. 

He "greets" her with a bomb, and people scramble, screaming about a [[Wanderer]]. His fingers turn to blades as he slashes at her, and she barely evades his attacks, then pistol whips him, knocking bolts loose and deafening him, as it's revealed that his ear was a cybernetic augmentation. He reveals that he wants the [[Aether Core]] (unclear if hers or the [[Spatium Core]] fragment) and then a [[Metaflux]] surge occurs, spawning several strange [[Wanderer]]s.

One of them is attacked by a red projectile--an apple from the grocery bag [[Caleb]] is carrying as he arrives. He tells her not to rush into battle--but she says she can hold her own now.

