# Summary

[[MC]] runs into [[Zayne]] again in the [[Willow Medical Center]] courtyard. There, they compare notes. [[Zayne]] deduces that [[Lucia]], the plush, contains a voice recording of [[Mia]] and [[Kevi]] hinting that they share a "secret base". He also says that the [[Farspace Fleet]] has never been so active in [[Skyhaven]]--people who've worked there seven or eight years had never seen Fleet vehicles until recently.

Armed with this new information, MC waits until nightfall to return to the scene of the explosion. Using [[Lucia]]'s recording, she gets [[Kevi]] to emerge from his hiding place--a "tear in reality" created by the fragment of the [[Spatium Core]] that [[Kevi]]'s parents left him. It turns out that [[Kevi and Mia's parents]] knew something bad was about to happen, leaving Kevi with the fragment and telling him to take care of Mia and use the fragment to hide. It's essentially able to create a [[Protofield]], it seems.

He and Mia were playing hide-and-seek when the explosion happened. [[Kevi]] was in the rift, so he wasn't injured--but he's no showing [[black crystals]] on his face like those seen in the [[human-like Wanderer]]s int he [[N109 Zone]]. Now very suspicious of the Fleet, MC resolves to get him into the [[Hunters Association]]'s custody, asking him to hold out one more night and promising to return.

← [[04-01.05 Visitation]] | [[04-01.07 Unexpected]] →

## Commentary

### Protocore exposure
We know from the information on [[Abomination]]s, the patients at [[Chansia Hospital]], and project [[X-Heart]] that the crystals and transformation are caused by prolonged [[Protocore]] exposure. 

However, that doesn't seem to be the only ingredient. In the next chapter, [[04-01.07 Unexpected]], MC will specifically state that she and [[Zayne]] deduced that someone is specifically responsible for this "crystal-related disease" and that [[Aether Core]] exposure alone doesn't cause it--after all, she has one in her heart, and she's been stable.

### Fleet's motives
The primary targets of the explosion were [[Kevi and Mia's parents]], and it's hinted here that the [[Farspace Fleet]] might know more about there whereabouts than they initially revealed.

# Details
[[MC]] heads down to the hospital's courtyard, where she runs into [[Zayne]] again. He's thoughtfully brought her a cup of warm water after seeing her conflicted expression, and notes [[Lucia]] in her arms, asking for an update.

MC says she agreed to help look for Mia's brother. She suspects [[Ever]]'s involvement due to the similarity to the [[Bloomshore District explosion]]. [[Zayne]] warns her of the danger, but she's already well aware. He doesn't try to talk her out of it, instead offering more information--the atmosphere of [[Willow Medical Center]] is different than when he worked there during his time at [[Skyhaven School of Medicine]]. Specifically, the [[Farspace Fleet]] used to keep almost exclusively to the [[Deepspace Tunnel]], to the point where many hospital employees who'd worked there for 7 or 8 years had never seen their vehicles. Their current presence is unprecedented.

MC refocuses on finding [[Kevi]]. She wonders if [[Lucia]] is a clue, and [[Zayne]] determines that when the tail is pulled, a recording plays. Mia says "Where are you hiding? I'm done playing!" Kevi's voice replies, "Mia, you're so silly. I'm in our secret base." Mia says, "But we said not to hide in the secret base. You're cheating!"

MC then infers that Kevi must be hiding in their "secret base". She goes to thank Zayne, but he cuts her off, saying, "I'm tired of hearing that." So, she offers dessert or a meal instead, but after realizing he took vacation time after [[03-A Thorns Under the Moon]], she worries she'll bother him when he's busy.

[[Zayne]] seems pensive, then says:
> I suppose what you need isn't water, but something that's more than lukewarm.
* ((Specifically, he's talking about himself here--ie she needs him to be more clear that he wants her in his life, enjoys spending time with her, isn't bothered by her, etc. MC remains confused for a bit, it's a cute moment.))

He says that even though they're both busy and dealing with their own challenges, they'll always have moments like this to sit together, and he encourages her to take her time thinking about what she wants to eat with him (ie he's looking forward to spending more time with her).

That night, MC reflects on how the [[Farspace Fleet]] locked down the area, evacuating a 2km radius after the explosion, claiming it was due to [[Wanderer]] threats. She suspects they were searching for [[Kevi]] and must have given up because there are no Fleet soldiers stationed there that night.

In a backyard with a melted slide and a broken swing from the explosion, she activates [[Lucia]]'s recording. Shortly after, she hears quiet sobbing. A "tear in reality" materializes, about 1.5 feeet wide, after a familiar [[fluctuation]]. [[Kevi]] emerges, and MC says [[Mia]] sent her. Kevi has "granulated crystals" (later specifically called [[black crystals]]) growing from his face, and asks if he's become a monster. MC connects specifically to the [[human-like Wanderer]]s/crystal samples in the [[N109 Zone]] and at [[Chansia Hospital]].

MC touches the crystals, feeling a sharp pain in her palm, but the growth stops. ((This implies that her [[Resonance Evol]] may be able to help slow/stop the growth.)) She asks about the "secret base", and [[Kevi]] reveals the fourth and final shard of the [[Spatium Core]].

> Kevi: When the explosion happened, Mia and I were playing hide-and-seek. I was in our secret base while she was outside. She couldn't find me. I was hiding for a couple of minutes. Then I heard a loud bang and blacked out. I was protected by this thing that Mom and Dad left.

[[Kevi]] reveals that his parents left, telling him to look after Mia and use the shard to hide whenever he's in danger. ((See also [[Kevi and Mia's parents]])) MC confirms that the shard creates their "secret base". Kevi says that after a long time, he woke up, but he saw that the people outside were looking for him, and were "dressed like Mom and Dad" (ie the [[Farspace Fleet]]) which he was told not to trust.

[[MC]] resolves to get him into the custody of the [[Hunters Association]], asking him to hang in one more day and promising to come back. He gives her a message for Mia: "I'm okay. Tell her not to worry." MC leaves him with [[Lucia]].