# Summary
This summary is in chronological order for clarity.

[[MC]] continues to reflect on the [[cosmic cinematic#End of Prologue to Tomorrow]], which transitions into a dream about the [[Bloomshore District explosion]].

MC describes the events of [[Operation Aether Ordeal]] and [[03 Prologue To Tomorrow]] as having taken place over "a few months". Given the two months specifically mentioned in Prologue To Tomorrow, as well as the amount of time the branches would take, it's fair to say it's been approximately three months (likely no more than four) since the end of [[02 Long Awaited Revelry]].

At the Hunter's Association, MC sees a commission to investigate the [[Cascade District explosion]] and suspected [[Aether Core]] activity in [[Skyhaven]]. Though the [[Farspace Fleet]]'s new [[Colonel]] has banned the [[Hunters Association]] from investigation, MC is determined to go on her own--so [[Jenna]] warns her of the danger before approving her for a "long vacation" so she can investigate.

MC arrives on Skyhaven as new recruits are joining the fleet, and is able to take the place of a female cadet who decides to desert. Taking on the woman's name and uniform, within a couple of days MC is assigned to a "ground support" mission to investigate the explosion. It's the last chance to gather evidence, since it'll rain the following night.

MC follows [[fluctuation]]s towards the [[Aether Core]], which leads her to a vine-covered wall. She briefly glimpses a child's hand ((later revealed to be [[Kevi]])) before the [[fluctuation]]s disappear and the wall beyond the vines proves to be solid. She keeps this to herself, even as the Fleet Captain pressures the officers for information.

At the end of the scene, a fleet officer approaches with an urgent message that a suspect is at HQ and needs to be dealt with before the new [[Colonel]] lands in ten minutes. 

Meanwhile, we cut to the bridge of the [[Colonel]]'s starship, where it's revealed that [[Caleb]] is the new Colonel, seeming to have returned from the dead. His original adjutant, [[Adjutant 1]] attempted to bring down the ship three days ago in Deepspace because the "old guard" is suspicious of the new Colonel. In a last ditch effort, he tries to stab Caleb before they land. Caleb easily disarms him and executes him on the spot.

# Details
The narrative picks up directly form [[03-01.04 No Ends]], with the eye-like nebula as the background, though it's not as distinctly red in this image.

> My vision goes dark. Everything blurs as the universe finds a strange stillness inits chaos. And then it fades to nothing.
> A strong resonance pulses through my body. It stirs fragmented memories that drift like fading apparitions.
> A pale planet appears. It's strange yet familiar...
> And then there's an overwhelming force as silent as a black hole...
> It's... a massive, artificial "eye".

An explosion is heard and fire moves across the screen, leaving red embers.
> ...It's been a while since I dreamed about the explosion.
> Looking back, those roaring flames feel like a surreal, distant nightmare.
> The searing heat in my dreams is still vivid but the pain in my heart is gone. Maybe it's because...
> The [[Aether Core]] within me has achieved full power.

The scene changes back to the [[UNICORNS]] building, and MC recaps the last chapter:
> To investigate and deal with "anomalous incidents" related to the [[Aether Core]]s, the Association secretly began Operation Aether Ordeal.
> Over the past few months, we swiftly and discretely handled numerous "anomalies" and documented information about a new [[Aether Core]]. We termed it the [[Spatium Core]].
> After completing several investigations, I learned how seemingly unrelated issues were connected in surprising ways.
> [[Sylus]]'s brief "absence" gave the forces who covered the [[Aether Core]] in the [[N109 Zone]] an opening.
> [[Xavier]]'s former teammates, who have gone separate ways, possess cutting-edge [[Protocore]] technology, and their goals extend beyond just targeting Xavier.
> The strange [[black crystals]] are deeply connected to the old battle (([[Mt Eternal incident]])), causing [[Zayne]]'s nightmares to worsen.
> And with the watchful eyes of some secret observers, [[Rafayel]] is forced to quietly search for the power sealed within the [[Tome of the Sea God]].
> When traced back to their source, these unrelated threads are connected to one massive entity: [[Ever]].
> The limited amount of evidence we have also suggests that Ever was the true mastermind behind the [[Bloomshore District explosion]]...

The scene changes again to a Skyhaven background where rubble falls across a swingset, set off with caution tape. The modern suburban scene is otherwise peaceful, with green trees and blooming bushes. It appears to be spring, since not all the trees have leaves yet.

A newscaster describes the [[Cascade District explosion]], criticizing the [[Farspace Fleet]] for not providing any information or updates.

Another reporter suggests that the new Fleet [[Colonel]] is defying the [[Hunters Association]] by refusing to let them investigate.

As [[Farspace Fleet]] Captain tells the other Fleet officers to take care of the reporters, it's revealed that MC is undercover as a rookie, and she's sent to investigate the explosion's aftermath. ((Later, we'll learn she took over the spot of a deserter, taking on their uniform and their name.))

She's following a resonance trail related to an [[Aether Core]] and follows it further into the destroyed garden. The Captain foreshadows that it will rain the following evening, so they need to be sure the investigation is done before then.

MC follows the traces to a vine-covered wall. Pulling back the vines, she sees a small hand, but then looking closer there's only a solid wall. ((We later learn this is [[Kevi]]'s hand, and he's hiding beyond a portal in the wall.))

A week prior, a commission screen is shown:
> Status: Denied
> Handling Party: [[Hunters Association]] - [[Skyhaven Branch]]
> Task Details: A Metaflux explosion occured at [[Villa Area 6]], [[Cascade District]], [[Skyhaven]]. Two young siblings were home; one was injured and hospitalized, while the other is missing. The parents are unreachable. The [[Skyhaven Branch]] suspects an [[Aether Core]] at the site and requests assistance from headquarters for the investigation.

[[Jenna]] notes the request having been already denied, and the similarity between this explosion and the [[Bloomshore District explosion]], cautioning [[MC]] to not rush to [[Skyhaven]]. Seeing MC's determination, Jenna reveals that the denial is the [[Farspace Fleet]]'s doing--specifically, the new [[Colonel]] who's still in the [[Deepspace Tunnel]]. MC makes it clear she'll be going regardless. Jenna warns of her of the danger, but approves her for a "long vacation".

MC reflects on how the day she arrived in [[Skyhaven]] was when new recruits also arrived, so as one decided to desert, MC was able to take their place. Since "ground support" wasn't a desirable role, she just had to wait and then was assigned to investigate the explosion.

MC wears [[Caleb's necklace]]. The Captain checks on her, and she lies and says she hasn't found anything of interest. The Captain is stern, warning her of consequences when the [[Colonel]] returns if they don't find details. Though, when MC presses for details, he tells her to mind her business. The Fleet isn't sharing details, like how they determined one child was missing.

A Fleet Officer arrives and urgently reports that a "suspect" has been spotted at HQ, and the [[Colonel]]'s starship will be landing in ten minutes, resulting in an emergency order.

The scene changes to the bridge of [[Colonel]] [[Caleb]]'s starship. ((This is the first time we see him after [[01-04.03 Within Reach]].)) Caleb's original Adjutant, [[Adjutant 1]], reports that everything is ready for landing. Caleb asks if there are any leads on the traitor who "almost sank us in Deepspace three days ago", and it's soon revealed that [[Adjutant 1]] was behind this. Caleb references that the old guard doesn't want the new [[Colonel]] (himself) to come back from this mission and "Unfortunately for them, I already danced with Death once. I won't die again." ((This is a reference to the [[Bloomshore District explosion]] and his reconstruction.))

As [[Adjutant 1]] tries to stab Caleb, he easily disarms the man with his Gravity [[Evol]], traps him, and then executes him on the spot.

