# Summary
MC wakes up feeling the beginning of a cold, but she's focused on getting to [[Kevi]]. She tells [[Caleb]] that she wants to see a movie with friends that night, but he tells her she can't--[[Skyhaven]] will be on lockdown, supposedly due to the increased [[Wanderer]] activity. He sternly forbids her from leaving, then tries to cheerfully comfort her. She eventually relents, noting the sense of a fever coming on and heads to the bedroom.

She spends the day trying to find a way to leave, to no avail. When she finally hears the door to outside, she sneaks out and tries to find her gun--but [[Caleb]] is waiting. She pretends to be getting a drink, he claims he was about to leave. He sends her back to bed with water and "cold medicine". 

She's soon sound asleep ((potentially drugged)), and he goes into her bedroom to talk to her, asking if she'd think he was too selfish if he kept her there like this, and wondering if he could have prevented all this if only he'd known [[Ever]] was after her before the [[Bloomshore District explosion]].

Then a spacecraft arrives for [[Caleb]]--the clean-up is about to begin.

← [[04-01.09 Blindfold]] | [[04-01.11 Battle - Skyhaven Curfew - Challenge]] →

## Commentary

### Chapter name
"Heart's crossing" is a play on how Caleb said "cross my heart" when he made his promise to MC. "Heart's crossing" also evokes the sense of a "double-cross", i.e. a betrayal, and the idea of them being at odds with each other, having opposite goals here.
### Waiting up
Given that Caleb's ride arrives later in the scene, he wouldn't have a reason to leave before it had arrived. Therefore, his using the door and then waiting in the living room is his way of testing MC. She "fails" the test, revealing that she was waiting for him to leave, which is the point at which he gives her the "cold medicine".
### The "cold medicine"
There are two potential interpretations here. One is that this really is cold medicine (which usually has a sedative effect) and MC is sick enough to fall deeply asleep.

The other is that it's not cold medicine at all, but rather sleeping pills or another heavier-duty sedative, and that Caleb has intentionally drugged MC to keep her "safe" at his house overnight.

Ultimately, the narrative benefits from this being ambiguous, as much of Caleb's behavior is ambiguous at this time. Though, given how he waited for her to try to sneak out, she failed his "test", and how comes and talks to her, I find the interpretation that he intentionally drugged her more likely. 

Whether he drugged her purely to keep her safe, or also to keep her from getting in the way of his goals, is simiarly ambiguous.
### Caleb's confession
Caleb seems to know that his involvement with the [[Farspace Fleet]] complicates things ((and indeed, as hinted in [[04-01.09 Blindfold]], his own "mentor" [[Professor Lucius]] wants to capture [[MC]])). He wonders whether if he'd been able to discover that [[Ever]] was after her before the [[Bloomshore District explosion]] then maybe he could have prevented "all of this"--ie his near-death, involvement with the [[Farspace Fleet]], etc. He clearly understands that he has a job to do, but it's going to hurt MC on some level.

# Details
[[MC]] wakes up feeling like she's coming down with something, attributing it to being out in the rain the day before. [[Caleb]] is assembling furniture and a cute [[OTTO]]-SHD in the living room to liven the place up.

[[MC]] feels guilty for not telling him about [[Kevi]], silently promising she'll make it up to him if the Fleet really is trying to protect him. ((Tragically, her suspicions are spot-on.))

She lies and say she'll be watching a move with some classmates in [[Skyhaven]] that night and asks for a ride. But [[Caleb]] is confident she's coming down with a cold, and tells her she shouldn't go out. He adds that a weird [[fluctuation]] in the [[Deepspace Tunnel]] has caused all the [[Wanderer]]s in [[Skyhaven]] to be riled up. ((This matches the chatter from the passers by in [[04-01.07 Unexpected]])) He adds that [[Skyhaven]] will be locked down tonight for a "clean up". 

MC asks why the [[Hunters Association]] isn't handling the [[Wanderer]]s, but Caleb says it "doesn't matter"--since the Fleet is in charge of Skyhaven, it's their job.

He adds sternly,
> I won't be around tonight, so don't even think of going out. Got it?

The player can either pretend to give in or ask if she can leave quickly for an emergency (still 'no'). Either way, MC notes:
> He responds with a smile. It's the same one I've alway seen, but his gaze is a little too cheerful. He's hiding something.

She asks if the clean-up is related to the explosion, but he says she's overthinking it. She tells him he's lying, but he grabs her arm and reveals the gun she's hidden at her waist, asking why she needs it for a get-together with friends. She claims to have it in case of Wanderers.

> Caleb: \<Name>, don't forget about the [[Aether Core]] in your body. You're not a normal hunter. And the whole explosion incident is complicated. One wrong move, and you'll be trapped here forever.
> MC: ...The Fleet isn't just here to investigate the explosion, right? Are you hiding something?
> Caleb: ...
> *After what seems like an eternity, he suddenly lets go.*
> Caleb: ... Sorry. Do you remember what I said? Leave it to me. I won't break my promise to you.

MC relents, sinking onto the couch and noticing the "increase in body temperature" she'd been fighting (ie a fever). Caleb softens, apologizing for upsetting her and adding that it's not a normal patrol, so she's unaware of the danger.

MC notes that this version of him feels like a stranger. When she asks if he really means it, he says "cross my heart" (referenced by the chapter title) and offers a pinky promise. ((This is also a key moment in [[Borrowed Promise]] and [[Decoherence]].))

By the end of the day, MC still hasn't found a chance to leave, and hopes the [[Skyhaven shuttle service]] will still be running during the "clean up". But when her phone has no signal, she realizes how thorough the lockdown is. 

At 11pm, she hears a door outside, then waits and checks out the living room. Thinking it's empty, she searches for her gun, but Caleb asks, "Lookin' for something?" She claims to be getting a drink, he says he was about to leave. He uses his Evol to summon a glass of water and "two white pills", telling her to take some meds before she goes back to sleep.

MC notes,
> HIs gaze is calm and gentle, showing no signs of discontent. It's as if my pitiful lie fooled him.
* ((It did not. While it's left open for interpretation as to whether they're really cold medicine or not, the pills cause her to sleep through the night and miss her appointment with [[Kevi]].))

Not wanting him to worry, MC takes the pills. She subconsciously avoids his gaze, then returns to the bedroom.

The scene cuts to Caleb walking into her bedroom. The nightstand lamp is still on, and he turns it off. Caleb calls out to her, and when she doesn't respond, it's clear she's sound asleep.

He pulls the covers over her, touches her shoulder and cheek, then picks up her hand.
> Caleb: If I kept you here with me like this... Would you think I'm being too selfish? `(He raises the back of her hand to his brow.)` But it's only us now. `(He nuzzles her hand, thene exhales and lowers it.)` Let's say I had noticed these threats that were lurking around you earlier... Knowing then what I know now... none of this would've happened. Right?

A bright light shines in from the window with the sound of a spacecraft landing. Caleb's wrist lights up with a hologram that says a clean-up is about to start. Sighing, he kisses MC's hand, then sets it down.

> Caleb: Don't worry. This nightmare will come to an end. I promise.
