# Summary
After dinner, [[MC]] and [[Caleb]] discuss MC's previous fear of storms, stemming from her trauma around the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]], and how Caleb's steady presence helped her get over her fear.

Soon after, they have a tense moment in the kitchen where [[Caleb]]'s mood becomes solemn and he asks if MC wants him to return home with her for another reason, or only because he said he'd always be by her side. When this unsettles MC, he catches himself, pretending he was just messing around.

MC doesn't sleep well that night, but wakes to a breakfast from Caleb and a note that he's working on fleet business. Since she can claim to be his Adjutant now, she's able to find [[Mia]] at the [[Willow Medical Center]]. Though initially turned away by the nurse, she runs into [[Zayne]] who reveals that he's an old colleague of [[Dr. Jones]], Mia's primary care physician. Because of the [[Metaflux]] exposure, [[Zayne]] checked Mia's heart. He gets Dr Jones's permission for MC to speak to Mia, then gently introduces them.

[[MC]] and [[Mia]] have a brief, sweet conversation where MC assures Mia that she knows what Mia is going through. Mia worries her brother is dead, but MC says he's probably just hiding. They're interrupted by a [[Farspace Fleet]] Lietenant, so MC goes to leave, but as she does [[Mia]] offers [[Lucia]], her plush dog that also survived the explosion, as a gift.

## Commentary

### MC's trauma
We've already seen [[MC]]'s nightmares about the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]] in the main story before, but this is the first confirmation we get that MC experienced PTSD from the event. Her fear of thunder (which resembles [[Wanderer]] roars) was so strong that she was unable to leave the house during storms and always hid. Caleb would go find her, and he helped her get over her fear. (This is consistent with exposure therapy.)

### Caleb's lapse
[[Caleb]] suddenly, almost desperately asks if there's another reason that MC wants him to return home with her after all this--not just because she worries about him or because he said he'd always be by her side.

Likely, [[Caleb]] is dealing with a surge of emotion at seeing [[MC]] again, which brings back all his feelings of affection and romantic attraction. What he's essentially asking here is whether MC feels the same way. However, he quickly catches himself, trying to brush it off.

This abrupt intensity adds to his unsettling behavior in this arc. There are lots of abrupt shifts in tone, which are meant to hint at his inner conflict and turmoil.

### The Fleet's meddling
We see in this scene that not everyone in the [[Farspace Fleet]] is happy to just leave [[Caleb]] alone. The Lieutenant that checks on [[MC]] here is suspicious of what she and [[Caleb]] are up to.

# Details

As [[Caleb]] cleans up after dinner and preps the room for [[MC]], she intents to ask about the [[Cascade District explosion]], but a peal of thunder startles her. She ends up just asking for a soda again, falling into old patterns with Caleb. Another peal of thunder startles him again, and he lightly comments on MC's past "astrophobia" as he sets the electric curtains to close to dull the sound.

She remembers the thunder sounding similar to a [[Wanderer]]s roar and scaring her after the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]]. It's revealed that she got over her fear because Caleb would always sit with her through it, covering her ears. He'd be "trapped at home" during storms to help her--but he was really helping her escape the cage of her fear/trauma.

She wonders how he was always the first to find her, and he jokes that they have a "telepathic connection". She says he just got lucky.
* ((There are a couple of different ways to interpret this. Given the fact that they were both test subjects, it's possible he does have a kind of "sixth sense" for her. Just as likely is that he was always keeping close tabs on her to begin with.))

The telepathic comment reminds her of twins, and she expresses worry about [[Kevi]] and [[Mia]]. Caleb tells her the [[Farspace Fleet]] will handle it, asking her to trust him, telling her to kick back and enjoy her vacation. But [[MC]] is distressed at the idea of [[Mia]] being worried sick about [[Kevi]]. As Caleb sees this, he teasingly reminds her he always has her back--as long as she takes care of herself, she can investigate. Still, he's not recognizing the magnitude of the situation.

MC asks whether Caleb can come home with her after all this is over. He teases her about saying she'd be fine on her own, their last conversation before the [[Bloomshore District explosion]] in [[01-04.03 Within Reach]]. She says she'll worry about him if they're always separated, and then his tone switches, becoming more earnest and intense as he subtly "traps" her by the fridge.

He asks if that's the only reason she wants him to come with her--if it's only because he said he'd always be by her side. But then he seems to catch himself, lightening up again and saying he was just messing around. She pushes him back and he backs off, teasingly affirming that he'll give her space.

She hardly sleeps that night, then wakes up to breakfast and a voice note from Caleb reminding her to eat breakfast as he deals with some things related to the fleet. MC decides to head to the medical center next. ((Later, she mentions making use of the [[Skyhaven shuttle service]], so this is likely what she used here.))

With [[Caleb]]'s support, [[MC]] learns [[Mia]] is being held at the [[Willow Medical Center]], Inpatient Department, Ninth Floor, rm 903 and heads there. However, the nurse turns her away, telling her that even [[Farspace Fleet]] personnel aren't allowed to visit because of Mia's recent critical condition. MC asks to speak to the doctor, but learns that [[Dr. Jones]] is busy in meetings and won't be able to speak to her until next week. MC is happy that Mia is safe, but wonders if she can find Dr. Jones on the administrative floor (16th). 

Near the elevator, she suddenly hears [[Zayne]], running up to him.
> MC: Is this the "confidential schedule" you talked about two weeks ago? Don't worry, I'll experience memory loss once I'm back in [[Linkon]].

He notes her bluff as well, saying she'd told him the Association forced her to take leave. He immediately figures out why she's there, and his opinion is that Mia's now well enough to receive visitors. Zayne had previously worked with [[Dr. Jones]] and was the one to check Mia's heart to ensure there were no [[Metaflux]] impacts. Mia still seems shaken, and Zayne thinks speaking to MC might help. He calls [[Dr. Jones]] directly and gets permission.

Zayne checks on Mia first. He's gentle with her, and she's initially quiet and withdrawn. As he asks if she wants a reward, she says she wants to go home. He introduces her to MC as a "skilled hunter" who's saved many other children. Mia warms up slightly, and Zayne leaves, letting MC speak with Mia. MC holds her hand, telling her that she's had the same experience. Mia tearfully asks if her brother is dead, and MC reassures her that he's probably just hiding. Mia says she can always find her brother, but not this time.

Just as MC is asking about what happened after the explosion, a [[Farspace Fleet]] Lieutenant arrives and asks what she's up to. MC decides to leave so as to not stress Mia out, but Mia offers a burnt dog plushie, [[Lucia]], from behind her pillow as "a present".