# Summary
Back on a [[Farspace Fleetship]], [[Caleb]] tends to [[MC]]'s wounds, but he can no longer keep up the charade that [[MC]] is free to move around as she pleases. He tells her she can't leave and that he has to keep her safe--and by the next morning, MC figures out that not only does he not intend to let her leave, but he also intentionally kept her trapped during [[04-01.10 Heart's Crossing]], preventing her from getting to [[Kevi]].

← [[04-02.06 - Battle - Clean-Up]] | [[04-02.08 Escape]] →
## Commentary

### Caleb's Dark Side
As the name of the chapter implies, here we get explicit confirmation of some of Caleb's ulterior motives. Depending on dialogue options, Caleb essentially admits to intentionally drugging MC to keep her "home" during [[04-01.10 Heart's Crossing]].

### Incomplete Information
We also get more hints that Caleb himself doesn't have the full picture of [[Professor Lucius]]'s plans and so is an unreliable narrator. In [[04-02.03 Lurking]], he confronted Lucius about whether [[Mia]]'s death was part of his plans or not. Here, he implies that the [[human-like Wanderer]]s deserve their fate for daring to wield a power that doesn't belong to them, but the first-hand account form the girl in [[04-02.05 Covert Operation]] is that she was sought out and even brought back from the dead for the experiment--so it's ridiculous to say she somehow coveted power that wasn't hers and deserved her fate.

# Details
Back in a fleetship, [[Caleb]] tends to [[MC]]'s wounds. (They're bad enough that they need staples.) He asks if she's mad, and she says she's not. She points out that the [[Cascade District explosion]] was just a convenient excuse for the "cleanup" and that what happened to [[Kevi]] and [[Mia]] wasn't an accident. She asks what he's been doing.

Caleb changes the subject, scolding MC for putting herself in danger, asking if she was just doing so to make him feel that loneliness again because he left her.

> Caleb: Whether those people live or die tonight... It doesn't matter anymore. Anyone who dares to wield power that isn't theirs must pay the price. The explosion was just an opportunity for the Fleet to intervene. You arrived in [[Skyhaven]] at the wrong time.
* ((Caleb appears to be blaming the victims for becoming [[human-like Wanderer]]s, implying that they dared to "wield power that isn't theirs". However, this doesn't quite fit with what we saw with the young girl, who was clearly sought out by Lucius, so we know that Caleb isn't a reliable narrator here.))

MC asks why he didn't say anything sooner, and he replies that he felt it wouldn't make a difference. She challenges this, asking if he really thought she'd just leave such "protection" unquestioned.

> MC: Fine. Once your fleetship lands, I'll leave.
> Caleb: No, you won't. Since you managed to escape once, we'll be going somewhere else.
> *He lifts his hand and cups my cheek. Yet his fingers are freezing cold.*
> Caleb: I *will* protect you.

Caleb keeps MC in the special care unit on the [[Farspace Fleetship]]. Later, she overhears nurses talking about her (and her vital signs being abnormal still) as Caleb arrives to check on her. She insists she needs to leave, and he says she can as soon as her vital signs are normal. This is her third time getting this answer, and things click together.

The player can take a dialogue option to press Caleb for more information:

> MC: When you made me take cold medicine that night... It wasn't just because you were concerned about my health, right?
> Caleb:  You already figured out everything, right? ...Aren't I pathetic?
> MC: And this is all just an excuse. You never planned to let me go since the beginning.
> *I've had enough of him not telling me the truth. I take the cup from the table and throw it at him.*
> *The cup collides with his body, and then shatters into pieces.*
> Caleb: Did that help you calm down?
> *The water droplets fall and drench his immaculate uniform. Yet his gaze remains unfazed.*
> *The person before me stays composed. The Caleb I once knew is gone.*

Caleb tells her to get some rest and say she'll check on her later.