# Summary
As MC is taken to a medical room to treat her scuffs from the interrogation, she remembers a fragment from right after the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]] when [[Grandma]] first took her and [[Caleb]] in. Due to [[MC's memory problems]], he reintroduced himself, saying, "I'm Caleb. I'll always be by your side."

As MC tries to assure herself it's really him in the medical room, he repeats this same introduction, putting her at ease. She gets a glimpse of how strict he is with the officers (and tensions with the Captain of the [[Third Squadron]]) and when she calls him "strict", he teases her about it, staying lighthearted.

They get into his personal aircraft and head over to [[Caleb's place]], which appears to be isolated on its own small island. It's empty and dusty inside, and Caleb notes he hasn't been there in a while. When MC mentions him being in [[Skyhaven]] will make it harder for them to see each other, he suggests she extend her visit a few weeks, seeming to forget she's not a student anymore.

On the surface, the two seem to be able to pick up where they left off, with Caleb offering to make MC dinner. When he tells her to pick a random bedroom, he reveals at the end of the scene that the one she selected is his.

← [[04-01.03 Empathic Interrogation]] | [[04-01.05 Visitation]] →

## Commentary

### Caleb's secrets
Caleb knows a lot more about [[Ever]] here than he lets on. Specifically, his "rescuer" is [[Professor Lucius]], who not only works for [[Ever]] at the [[Toring Cyberkinetics Institute]], but also has his own schemes that run even deeper than [[Ever]] and the [[Farspace Fleet]].

### An empty house
Refer to [[Caleb's place#Symbolism]] for commentary on how the house is depicted in this scene.

# Details

The chapter begins with a flashback to shortly after the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]]:
> [[Grandma]]: Don't be afraid... It's alright. From now on, we'll be living together.
> Young [[Caleb]]: Does this mean we'll never be alone again?
> Grandma: Yes. Starting today, I'll be your grandma.
> [[MC]]: Grandma...
> *In the empty void I see, everything is like a painting's white background that is seconds away from being drowned in a sea of color. There's one exception--the figure standing before me who's strikingly clear.*
> MC: You... Who are you again...?
> Young Caleb: It's okay if you've forgotten. I'll remind you.
> *He holds my hand. With a radiant smile, his eyes gleam like sunlight.*
> Young Caleb: I'm Caleb. I'll always be by your side.
* ((See also: [[MC's memory problems]]. This demonstrates MC's unstable memory as described in [[Josephine's secret notes]], and establishes that [[Caleb]] did not have similar memory loss, and had to reintroduce himself to MC multiple times.))

MC returns to the present, finding herself in a medical room. Caleb applies medicine to where her wrists were injured by the interrogation restraints. MC notes the contrast to his prior demeanor, expressing that she needs to be sure it's really him.

> Caleb: Do I need to do a formal introduction? I'm Caleb. I'll always be by your side.

Comforted, she admits he was scary earlier. Then she slams her bandaged wrist down and gets in his way as he gets up, saying it's her turn to interrogate him.
* Asking about the explosion, he says it felt like a strange dream. When he woke up, he "just knew" it was related to the [[Aether Core]].
* Asking about why he didn't contact her, he says that if he didn't join the Fleet, he would have been "abandoned". He claims he didn't contact her because he couldn't bear to put her through "that pain" again. (i.e. of him having to leave, being owned by the Fleet, etc.)
* Asking about [[Grandma]], and if she's still alive, he apologizes and says "I couldn't protect both of you." (([[WU-19 Serpent's Cast]] reveals that [[Caleb]] used his [[Evol]] to contain the explosion, taking the brunt of the impact.)) He seems truly saddened by this, saying Gran would want her to cheer up.

As Caleb suggests they go get food, a medical officer arrives to say that the Captain of the [[Third Squadron]] is recommending solitary confinement for the "traitor" (ie MC).

> Caleb: Come back to me when the bauble around his neck grows a brain.
> MC: Caleb, you're being really strict.
> Caleb: Strict? Me?
> *His armband shines. Maintaining his stern expression, Caleb returns to my side.*
> Caleb: I haven't even disciplined you. And your cover's so good that you're living in the officer barracks?

He gives her a thorough once-over, then tells her she'll move to his place, which isn't at HQ, so she'll have more freedom. When she asks about her position in the Fleet, having been accused of being a traitor, he says she should tell people she's his new adjutant.

> MC: Oh... so you wanted me to use your influence anyway.
> Caleb: It's an order.

He puts his hat on her head, making a lighthearted remark about how the Colonel's location is classified and they don't need to worry about rumors.

In [[Caleb's personal aircraft]], [[MC]] recaps everything from the past few months except for [[Operation Aether Ordeal]] and the [[Spatium Core]]. She tells him [[Ever]]'s behind it all. He says "I understand. Let me deal with it for now." (([[MC]] has no idea that [[Caleb]]'s primary controller is actually [[Professor Lucius]], who works directly for [[Ever]] and whose plots run deeper than even the [[Farspace Fleet]] and [[Ever]]'s schemes.))

They approach a fragmented island and pass through an invisible barrier to land in front of a spacecraft-shaped building. This is [[Caleb's place]].

MC notices the dust and Caleb comments that he doesn't stay there very often. She notes that if he intends to live in [[Skyhaven]], it'll be harder for them to see each other. He helps her unpack and adds her fingerprint to the door's lock, inviting her to stay for a few more weeks, if she's not in a rush. She reminds him she has a job to do with the [[Hunters Association]], and it seems he forgot she'd already graduated, thinking of her as still being a student with long summer/winter breaks.
* ((Given what we learn about [[Caleb]] in [[Lucid Dreams]], this slip-up likely indicates some of his own memory issues. This "version" of Caleb is essentially the one that still works at the DAA when MC is still in college.))

Caleb tells MC to choose a bedroom, and MC notices that the house is spacious and a bit lifeless. She choses a room with comfortable lighting, only to soon find out it's Caleb's room.

Caleb offers to make her whatever she wants for dinner, and she runs up behind him and jumps on his back, like old times.