# Summary
At [[Mia]]'s funeral, [[MC]] remembers [[Zayne]]'s analysis of [[Mia]]'s death. Though it's supposedly sepsis due to her burns, Zayne finds the circumstances suspicious. Likewise, the loose ends of [[Kevi and Mia's parents]] (found dead in the vehicle used by [[Joseph]]) and [[Kevi]]'s future (adopted by a foster parent) are wrapped up too neatly.

At the funeral, [[Kevi]]'s personality has changed and he doesn't seem to be feeling grief. Unbeknownst to MC, he was "adopted" by [[Professor Lucius]] who has already implanted a [[Toring chip]] to control his mind. While MC tries to make sense of this, [[Caleb]] arrives after being delayed by [[Farspace Fleet]] business. MC wants to trust him, but when he goes to deal with the press, she runs into [[Viper]] who offers to show her what's really happening, telling her to go to [[Lucius's Villa]] the following afternoon.

← [[04-02.01 Awakening]] | [[04-02.03 Lurking]] →
## Commentary

# Details
[[MC]] recalls [[Zayne]]'s analysis of [[Mia]]'s death and it suspicious nature:
> "According to the documents I read, [[Mia]] went into septic shock because of her burns. They couldn't save her."
> [[Zayne]] examined Mia's emergency treatment records, which perfectly matched the Fleet's public statement.
> "The medical records are too thorough. It's almost as if they're hiding something. Besides, no one actually witnessed Mia's death."
> After the academic conference ended, Zayne retrieved a classified file and departed with the medical team. He took these mysteries with him.
> And once he confirmed my safety, he didn't ask any more questions.
> "As for Kevi, whoever went to such lengths to find him clearly wants him alive... for now at least. Don't be too hard on yourself."

Likewise, the loose ends of [[Kevi and Mia's parents]] and [[Kevi]]'s foster family are tied up too quickly:
> But the story doesn't end there.
> The remains of the siblings' parents were found aboard the small vessel [[Joseph]] had taken, which further proves his involvement.
> The Farspace Fleet stepped in to address public concerns and quickly arranged an adoptive family for Kevi.
> Everything progressed at an unnaturally rapid pace. Their flawless response is too perfect.
> It was like watching a chess game where every move had been planned in advance.

At [[Mia]]'s funeral, reporters demand accountability from the [[Farspace Fleet]]. [[Kevi]] is the last remaining at her grave, wearing a black armband and seemingly cured from the [[black crystals]]. His face shows no grief. MC talks to him and he calmly indicates that "The Professor" ((later revealed to be [[Professor Lucius]], who "adopted" Kevi)) has been "very nice".  MC apologizes, and he says that it's okay because the [[Farspace Fleet]] found him--but before, he'd been adamant that his parents said not to trust them.

> *Something's still off. [[Kevi]] managed to avoid being detected even when they did thorough searches. The Fleet didn't find him right until...*
* [[MC]] doesn't finish this thought, but the heavy implication is that her coaxing him out helped the [[Farspace Fleet]] to find him.

MC tries to offer him [[Lucia]], but he says he doesn't like toys. He seems briefly confused, agreeing to take it "because it's from you".

Kevi leaves and [[Caleb]] approaches, offering a bouquet to Mia's grave. He apologizes for missing the funeral, and MC says it's normal for her to represent him as his adjutant. They speak about Kevi, with Caleb suggesting he's just putting up a front due to grief. MC thinks more is going on, but doesn't say so. ((Later we learn that [[Professor Lucius]] has already modified [[Kevi]] with a [[Toring chip]].)) Caleb is not entirely forthcoming with what he knows, but he does seem genuinely sad for Kevi.

Caleb suggests they spend some time together, but is interrupted by an officer asking for help with reporters. MC tells him to go, wanting to spend more time with Mia. Before he leaves, MC asks if she can trust him, and he assures her.

Alone, she thinks through the problem, then speaks aloud:
> MC: But if it was just about the [[Aether Core]] fragment, they wouldn't have rescued him. Unless...
> [[Viper]]: Unless the kid as something more valuable. \[...] In this world, a lot of people want an [[Aether Core]]. But only a select few can handle its power without being devoured.

Viper then introduces himself, confirming that he's neither an [[Ever]] assassin nor a person who's just interested in the [[Aether Core]]. He pretends to be amiable, saying he doesn't like to see her be manipulated like this. ((It's fairly clear that he sees an opportunity to use the truth to turn her against [[Caleb]], for no reason other than to hurt [[Caleb]].)) He calls Kevi a pawn, which provokes MC to ask what they've done to him. Viper confirms this is one of the "right questions" to be asking.

Viper gives her a small disk ((later revealed to be a signal jammer that will allow her to approach undetected)) and tells her to go to Chelseven, 93rd Azureway Road (([[Lucius's Villa]])) the following afternoon.