# Summary
As planed, [[MC]] follows the suspicious [[fluctuation]]s to an [[abandoned factory]], finding and disabling the [[Ever android]]. (This is when it's revealed that they're androids.) Meanwhile, [[Sylus]] is tasked with getting one of [[Charon's coin]]s, dealing with the other contestants, and the [[Wanderer]]s.

Signals are blocked during the hunt, so [[MC]] heads to [[Elysium]] to lie low while she figures out how to contact [[Sylus]]. There, [[Aislinn]] nudges her to order from the [[Connoisseur's Menu]] where she recognizes the "Sweet Evil Trap" as a message for her. Aislinn delivers the desert, and with the bill is a map code. It tells MC to go to the [[West District Docks]] at 08:00. She does, and at 08:01 [[Sylus]] pulls up driving one of the vintage cars. MC gives him the control device from the [[Ever android]]s, but the box with her coin is empty. He's being followed, and a shooting and car chase ensue (this is the cinematic of the chapter).

Once their pursuers are dealt with, Sylus fulfills his promise to get MC into the arena--by crashing the car into the barrier and prying it open the rest of the way with his Evol. Once inside, he reveals what he knew/suspected--a [[Wanderer]] is laying in wait. He mentions that the games stopped being fair a long time ago, and he's now sick of their rules. Using his Evol to summon/antagonize the Wanderer, he and MC head into combat.

← [[05-01.07 Soul Time]] | [[05-01.09 Battle - Feast of Finality]] →
## Commentary

# Details
Three hours later, at dawn, MC is in an [[abandoned factory]] following the energy [[fluctuation]] she'd detected. She finds the nine [[Ever android]]s they're looking for, currently motionless. Sylus's job is to deal with the other contestants and [[Wanderer]]s to get the gold coin (([[Charon's coin]])) which is what allows entry into the arena.

MC resonates with the [[Spatium Core]]'s energy.
> *From my heart, warm energy surges and envelops my entire body. My racing heartbeat is warning me that I might experience an energy overload if I continue.*

With its power, she's able to pinpoint the source of the fluctuations to go after the leader specifically. As she attacks the "masked figure", she realizes it's an android. ((i.e. [[Ever android]])) When she shoots the leader in the chest, the others react to the stimulus.

MC determines that the source of the fluctuations is the android's artificial eye, and when she pulls it out, the rest power down. The eye contains faintly glowing [[Protocore]] particles.

Her mission thus accomplished, she heads to [[Elysium]] to lay low until she can contact [[Sylus]] again. [[Aislinn]] greets her, hinting that he should get some food. Remembering Aislinn's previous comments, [[MC]] asks for the [[Connoisseur's Menu]]. She sees the Sweet Evil Trap ([[Connoisseur's Menu#Today's Special Sweet Evil Trap]]) and remembers Sylus's earlier comment that a soul weighs 21 grams, and this "recipe" has 10.5. She doesn't seem to fully understand its meaning (i.e. the reference to their past life in [[Beyond Cloudfall]]) but she does come to the conclusion that it's a message for her from Sylus.

> MC: I'll order this one, then.
> *The red wine marshmallows are sweet, and the pomegranate juice dances across my tongue.*
> [[Aislinn]]: How is it?
> *The notes of roasted rosemary and walnut intertwine. Layer by layer, they unfold on my palate in an intricate dance of flavors.*
> MC: It's like him.

The "bill" from [[Aislinn]] contains a five-digit code for a location. MC says she thought the arena blocked all signals (why she can't contact him directly) but Aislinn says "There's always an exception." Sure enough, the code puts a marker on her map: "08:00, [[West District Docks]]..."

MC arrives at the docks. Just as the time hits 08:01, Sylus pulls up in a vintage car. (This begins the cinematic portion of the chapter.)
> MC: You're late.
> Sylus: When I show up on time for a deal, someone usually gets carried away. I'm fashionably late for good luck.

Sylus invites MC into the car, and she finds milk tea waiting for her on her seat. They trade their spoils--MC giving Sylus the command module from the androids (a cube with glowing blue square segments on it) and Sylus giving her a box that should hold a gold coin--but instead just spits out confetti.

Frustrated, MC confronts Sylus, pinning him against the driver's seat.
> MC: No time for jokes. Where's the gold coin?
> Sylus: It was tampered with, so I fed it to a Wanderer. We can't have loose ends, kitten.
> MC: You destroyed it?
> Sylus: There are other ways to enter the arena. I can guarantee that. I'm being honest. You know that.
* ((See also [[Charon's coin]].))

MC relents. Sylus notices danger and tells her not to move, pulling her down to his chest. Sylus notes they're being followed and they'll need to fight their way out, asking for a temporary truce. MC snaps into action, drawing her gun and settling into the passenger seat.

Sylus starts driving, and a car chase shootout begins. Their pursuers appear to be humans wearing grey suits and sunglasses.

Some key quotes:
> MC: We don't know how many are still in hiding. What are the odds?
> Sylus: With you? Guaranteed victory.

When bracing against Sylus's shoulder to shoot out the moon roof:
> MC: I'm charging extra for this.

A bullet goes through the windshield:
> Sylus: Someone's eager to die.

After teleporting onto the car, while the driver begs for their life:
> Sylus: It's too late for regrets.

> MC: Anyone ever told you that your driving stability needs some work?
> Sylus: Any suggestions I don't consider are filed under "Never heard of it."

The pursuers thus dealt with, the car emerges from the tunnel.
> MC: Please don't tell me you went for a joy ride earlier.
> Sylus: I didn't. I just grabbed a bite to eat.
> MC: ...You had a meal?
> Sylus: I couldn't get what I actually wanted, so I had to settle for the next best thing.
> *Come to think of it, I rarely encountered any Wanderers while searching for the masked people... I guess someone was helping me from the shadows after all. But... 
* ((This is a reference to how Sylus can devour [[Wanderer]] [[Protocore]]s instead of souls in order to "feed". Since he can't get what he actually wants (MC's power/soul) he went and cleaned up a bunch of [[Wanderer]]s instead. As before when she mentions Sylus devouring souls, it's not immediately clear when main-timeline MC learned this. We can assume he was able to get the arena coin relatively easily (and then destroyed it) and spent the rest of the time hunting Wanderers and dealing with the other contestants.))

> *Sylus doesn't look like he enjoyed his food.* 
> MC: How were the Wanderers? Delicious?
> Sylus: They were so unpalatable that it's not even funny.

> **Hahaha!**
> 	#todo

> **Awww...**
> 	MC:  ...Awww, poor little Sylus couldn't get a tasty treat.
> 	Sylus: Not only am I picky, but I have an enormous appetite.

> *I playfully shake my milk tea.*
> MC: Even though you were starving, you still bought me this.
> Sylus: Isn't it common courtesy not to show up empty-handed?

MC then checks the leaderboard and finds that only she and Sylus are left in the competition. They ignore the coin markers on the map and head for the center of the arena. Sylus accelerates the car towards the barrier made of interwoven blue and orange lights. He tells her to hold on tight. The car disintegrates as it hits the barrier, but Sylus uses the weakness in the barrier to tear it open with his Evol and they tumble through.

> MC: Cough cough…. Your "other way to get in" was crashing into it?
> Sylus: What? It worked, didn't it?

> *The arena is bathed in dazzling blue and orange lights-the same ones that were part of the barrier. The "spectator stands" are filled with floating holographic screens.*
> *A luminous "path" extends beneath our feet. It leads to a central area where several metallic platforms stand beneath floating crystal structures.*
> MC: There must be some kind of mechanism here that will let us go underground.
> *When we approach this part of the arena, we don't find any mechanism.*
> *However, a peculiar spot on the central platform catches my eye.*
> Sylus: Under normal circumstances, the gold coin would be the key to go underground and meet our "Lord of Charon."
> MC: But this can't be considered normal circumstances.
> Sylus: There's always more than one way to beat a game. Besides, it doesn't matter if you had the gold coin. The [[Zoion Hunt]] stopped being fair a long time ago, kitten.
> *He taps the ground with his foot.*
> Sylus: Listen.
> MC: ...I can't hear anything, but I sense faint [[Metaflux]] [[fluctuation]]s.
> Sylus: Maybe we can do this?
> *Black-red energy particles seep into the ground. A few seconds pass before the Metaflux readings suddenly spike to dangerous levels.*
> *The ground rumbles, and a horizontal crack appears in the central area to reveal a massive creature underneath. It quickly opens its eyes and leaps.*
> MC: It's a Wanderer!
> *The Wanderer is encased in a massive shell. It instantly releases a powerful burst of [[Metaflux]].*
> MC: ...Does the N109 Zone prepare these kinds of "surprises" for every [[Zoion Hunt]]?
> Sylus: Of course not. I suspect this grand spectacle is their idea of a welcome party for honored guests from afar.
> MC: Who's trying to mess with us this time? What do they want?
> Sylus: I don't care. I've had enough of this game and its endless amount of rules.
> *He stands at the edge of a raised platform as black-red mist spirals up from his arms. It engulfs his entire body.*
> Sylus: Let's end this once and for all.

