# Summary
[[Sylus]] leads [[MC]] to [[Velocity Vintage Cars]] (near [[Charon Arena]]) so they can hide out. Though it's not one of Sylus's businesses, he does compliment the owner's taste. As they discuss their pursuers, Sylus finds emergency rations and offers painkillers to MC.

They then turn their attention to the vintage cars in the shop, and have a discussion about ambition and exploration. As they settle down to sleep in the cars, MC offers a plan to deal with their pursuers, despite her exhaustion. Sylus encourages her to get some sleep.

← [[05-01.06 Hunting Moment]] | [[05-01.08 Connoisseur's Desserts]] →
## Commentary

# Details
Midnight. [[Sylus]] leads [[MC]] to hide out at [[Velocity Vintage Cars]], near [[Charon Arena]]. [[MC]] asks how to deal with [[Ever]], and [[Sylus]] deduces that there must be a leader with a central control unit. MC reports strange [[Metaflux]] [[fluctuation]]s around them, which leads Sylus to say "They're using [[Protocore]]s like they're toys."

Sylus suggests they hunt down the leader before rummaging around for food. MC asks whether this is one of his properties.
> Sylus: Maybe. Those with refined tastes know how to seek out places that match their standards. The vehicles outside are enough to prove the owner's discerning eye. Tch, I spoke too soon.

Displeased, Sylus returns with emergency rations. They banter about food quality. MC suggests Sylus have his chefs come up with gourmet canned food. He asks about her pain level as they eat the food, then he adds painkillers to her drink. He anticipates that she'll be worried about being impaired, but he assures her that he'll protect her while the painkillers are in her system.

> Sylus: Keeping you safe for half the night will be easy. I'm here, which is more than enough.
> *The small table becomes a chessboard once again, but this time my opponent sends his pieces into my territory to supply his "queen."*
> Sylus: As for whether you want to let your guard down for half the night... That's up to you, kitten.

The player can then choose whether or not MC takes the painkillers. She finishes eating.

> *Looking at my leftovers, I notice that Sylus has barely touched his food. With a questioning look, I wave the can at him.*
> Sylus: I'm full.
> MC: You were full after eating one slice of meat?
> Sylus: I don't want to eat. I don't like it.
> MC: ...You're the one who said you were hungry.
* ((While this exchange is adorable, I think we can also read into this given Sylus's earlier reaction to MC's new Protocore power. Being around her is making him even hungrier, and he knows that food won't actually sate that feeling, so there's no use forcing himself to eat something he doesn't like.))

> *In the dim lighting, Sylus fidgets with the can opener. His gaze lingers on a particular vehicle, and his interest is evident.*
> Sylus: The last [[Slyverno]]s in the world... This shop's owner really knows how to hide treasures in Charon.
> *Sitting with a full stomach only makes me drowsy, so I get up and follow him into the maze of vintage cars.*
> A distorted figure flashes in my peripheral vision. I turn around only to see my reflection in the glossy black car door.
> Sylus: The [[Phantom Zero]], produced sixty years ago... Comfortable seats, spacious in the back...
> *Thinking I'm interested, Sylus turns back to stand beside me. Our distorted reflections merge on the car door.*
> Sylus: This model was always popular with young dreamers. Are you one of them?
> MC: First of all, those "young dreamers" from sixty years ago should be "elders" by now. Secondly, this car is cool. I won't deny liking it even if you make fun of me.
> Sylus: `(chuckles)` I wasn't.
> *He does something I can't see and the pitch-black Phantom Zero's headlights suddenly turn on. They cast their beam on another car in front.*
> Sylus: I have daydreams too.
> *Under the circle of headlights, the car stands like an actor center stage who's waiting for its story to begin.*
> *Sylus steps into the light with one hand in his pocket. Unhurried, he leans forward with his hand on the car door to get a closer look.*
> MC: Is this what you mentioned earlier... um, the Slyverno?
> Sylus: Slyverno means "explorer." It was the last model this company produced before going bankrupt.
> MC: It sounds like they were exploring different methods to escape their desperate situation.
> *Curious, I peer inside. A fine layer of dust has settled over the interior.*
> MC: Their exploration might not have ended well, but at least the name shows they never gave up hope.
> Sylus: You have a knack for spinning inspirational tales.
> *He looks more relaxed as he's leaning to the side. Against the car door, he looks at me.*
> Sylus: In reality, there was no tale about surviving despite the odds. It was just an ambition that withered before its time. In their final moments, they poured their last defiant breath into crafting this car's body and soul. What stands before you now is an embodiment of ambition that died sixty years ago.
> *The car's headlights illuminate one side of him. They're almost blindingly bright.*
> *Looking at his reflection in the car window, I can't help but think that if this car had a soul, it'd be just like Sylus.*
> *I understand what he's trying to tell me.*
> MC: The essence of exploration is desire, and desire in turn fuels ambition. It pushes us to explore beyond our limits. Just like...

The player has dialogue options:
> **You**
> 	MC:  You. You've always been chasing after a certain future.
> 	Sylus: Really?
> 	MC: That's the feeling I get from you sometimes. There's a future you know the ending to, but you're still determined to reach it. ...And you're insistent on taking me with you.
> 	*Sylus raises an eyebrow. His body moves in one fluid motion from where he's leaning against the car door. Then, he's right in front of me.*
> 	Sylus: Are you sure you're part of my ending?
> 	MC: I'm just making an educated guess based on experience. If I'm wrong, you're free to correct me.
> 	Sylus: Given our positions, you should be the one who's eager to deny being associated with me. And at this point, you already missed the best chance you had to deny it.
> **Me**
> 	MC: Me, who's always been searching for every kind of truth.
> 	*Once I start looking for answers, I find more of them waiting to be uncovered.*
> 	*This quest for truth seems endless. Sometimes I'm afraid I'll be trapped forever in these endless layers of questions.*
> 	*I'll never find the ultimate truth.*
> 	*The sound of knuckles rapping against the car door snaps me back to reality. A gaze, half-hidden in the interplay of light and shadow, is fixated on me.*
> 	Sylus: Don't worry. Your ambition means too much to me. I won't let it fade away so easily.
> 	MC: ...Have you ever heard the saying that fate will run its course?
> 	Sylus: No, and I don't care.
> **Many others**
> 	*Faces flash through my mind. Some are as clear as day, and others are just shadows.*
> 	*Those who chase immortality, those who kill for a gold coin, and those who "voluntarily" give up their lives...*
> 	MC: Those who support [[the Fountain of Atei]] and those who participate in the [[Zoion Hunt]] are cut from the same cloth. They might've started with a simple curiosity, but they walked down a path that led them to who they truly were.
> 	Sylus: Losing yourself is the most common outcome on this path of "discovery." Walk that path long enough, and you'll end up just like them.
> 	*I can't tell if he's being serious or teasing me. But after giving it some thought, I nod.*
> 	MC: If that day ever comes, you can pull me back up. Consider it payback for helping you decorate the base.

The "gold coin" here is [[Charon's coin]].

> *Seemingly done with the conversation, he stands up, takes my wrist, and leads me to the [[Phantom Zero]]. He opens the back door and tilts his head.*
> Sylus: Sleep here tonight. Sound good?
> MC: The back seat is spacious, and the cushions... are definitely soft enough.

Sylus chooses a [[Slyverno]] for himself and tells MC to turn the headlights off. She settles in and starts to fall asleep, then stirs and gets Sylus's attention, telling him her plan for how to deal with their attackers. She wants to strike at dawn, when people still have their guards down, and for Sylus to create a distraction so she can detect the [[fluctuation]]s and get the control unit.

Through their back and forth, it's clear she's making a sincere effort to help him with [[Ever]] so he'll help her get into the [[Gaia Research Center]]. As she starts to fail to stay awake, Sylus gently guides her to lie back down and tells her to get some sleep.