# Summary
[[MC]] and [[Sylus]] fight their way through the killing zone, then as a missile lands near them Sylus whisks MC into a hiding place. Here, they have a moment to catch their breaths and check the leaderboard, which [[Sylus]] is now at the top of. MC bets her paycheck on him, demanding that he keep first place warm for her so they can split the winnings 70/30. Sylus's response implies that he still hungers for her soul, especially in these moments of confidence and assertiveness.

A rustle nearby has MC sneaking to the source, where she finds an elderly woman, who she knows better than to trust. A [[Wanderer]] appears, and on instinct MC throws herself over the woman. Sylus easily deals with the [[Wanderer]], and the old woman takes the chance to stab MC in the abdomen with an [[Evol dagger]] before running away.

Sylus tends MCs wounds, and just as they agree to lie low, the [[Ever android]]s appear again, attacking with [[antimatter weapon]]s. [[MC]] jumps into action, creating a plan that [[Sylus]] happily follows (and probably also had in mind). They dispatch five of the androids, leaving "almost ten" at large. After Sylus discovers and destroys a tracking chip on MC, he decides it's time for them to relocate.

← [[05-01.05 Join the Game]] | [[05-01.07 Soul Time]] →
## Commentary

# Details
In the killing zone, MC and Sylus dodge bullets. A missile destroys part of a wall near MC.
> The blinding white light makes me close my eyes. I feel myself being lifted by a powerful force and pulled into his protective embrace.
> Sylus carries me like a cat. With one arm around my waist, he kicks open a door and rushes into a building.
> Sylus: We're safe for now.
> MC: Phew... Masked men, Wanderers, weapons, guns... There's no end to them. They're really determined to take us down.
> Sylus: In most cases, being too strong is a curse in itself.
> *I check the betting leaderboard. Sylus's name sits at the top. The amount of money people put on him is several times higher than the contestant in second place.*
> MC: If you're not like everyone else, you get punished. They're definitely targeting you.
* ((This is notable because it mirrors language in [[Beyond Cloudfall]], where they discuss how people who are different are demonized and misunderstood. MC here is homing in on the fact that Sylus is being treated this way for being *different*, not just for being powerful.))

> Sylus: To think I'd make a splash for my first Zoion Hunt... Oh well.
> *I shoot him a glance and bet my entire paycheck on his name.*
> Sylus: Should I say I'm honored?
> MC: Since you're already in the spotlight, I might as well profit from it. Just keep that first-place spot warm and be my decoy. When I get the money, we'll split it 70-30.
> Sylus: Anyone can make empty promises. And I'm not an altruistic philanthropist, kitten.
> MC: Name your price. If I can afford it, then we have a deal.
> Sylus: ...Oh, you can definitely afford it. `(With partial dragon voice effect)` It just depends on... whether you're willing to give it to me.
> *His right eye begins to glow with an eerie red light. My heart races, and I try to look away so I don't get controlled.*
* ((This is another key moment referencing their history in [[Beyond Cloudfall]], especially with the activation of his eye, which always occurred before Sylus lost control. Sylus could be talking about the [[Spatium Core]]'s power here, as he "smelled" that earlier, but he's likely speaking more generally about MC's power/soul. They have always wanted to devour each other, and the dragon voice effect + eye activation here hints at that. We also see this occur right after MC being very assertive & confident, which is also what triggered [[Sylus - Abysm Sovereign]]'s hunger the most.))

Sylus masters himself, pulling out his phone and placing a bet on MC, sending her to the top of the leaderboard. She said she should have known he wouldn't take a terrible deal, then reminds him to split the winnings with her once she wins--80/20. ((So, even more in her favor.))

> Sylus: You're so greedy.
* ((He loves it so much.))

MC hears something and sneaks towards the source, then finds an elderly woman hiding nearby. MC's surprised to see someone so old in the hunt, but doesn't let her guard down yet--this is the [[N109 Zone]].
* ((This is a key moment of growth for her, as she's been very naive about the zone and how it works before.))

Though she's wary, when [[Metaflux]] surges and a [[Wanderer]] appears, [[MC]] still instinctively throws herself between the Wanderer and the woman.

Sylus easily deals with the threat with his Evol.

> Sylus: I take my eyes off you for one second and you just rush in. The Association definitely trained you well, kitten.
> MC: I'm grateful that you rescued me... and gave me a backhanded compliment.

At that moment, the elderly woman stabs MC in the abdomen with an [[Evol dagger]]. The woman claims she was trying to kill the Wanderer and MC just got in the way, then she flees.
* ((Based on what we know about the [[N109 Zone]], it's strongly implied that the woman is lying here and took advantage of [[MC]]'s distraction to try to get leverage in the hunt.))

Sylus angrily calls the woman a fool, gathering his evol, but MC stops him from finishing her off and says to focus on her wound first. She starts with the first aid kit, but Sylus takes over, using his Evol to deposit her on his lap:
> *I grab the first-aid kit from the shelf and sink into the couch. I open it and search through its contents.*
> Sylus: Let me do it.
> MC: It's fine. I can handle it.
> Sylus: You slipped several times already. I don't think you can handle it.
> MC: It's not that bad-Hey!
> *Black-red mist grabs my arms and lifts me into the air. Yet my fall is unexpectedly gentle.*
> *I find myself lying across Sylus's lap as he sits on the sofa. The first-aid kit lands next to us.*

Sylus chatters with MC to distract her from the pain. There are a couple of different player dialogue options here.

If the player affirms that they're mad:
> 	Sylus: Are you mad?
> 	MC: Of course I am. I tried to help her and she literally stabbed me. Now I'm wondering if I'm just too naive.
> 	Sylus: Only a little.
> 	MC: ...Aren't you going to comfort me?
> 	Sylus: I know you already learned your lesson. In a place where only the strong survive, you can't judge people as you usually do. Kindness is a rare quality. Save it for when you're back in Linkon.

Sylus then makes a few key statements:
> Sylus: Most people here are foolish. They run after their desires and never realize the treasure they were born with.
> MC: Don't tell me you're talking about their lives when you said "treasure."
> Sylus: I'm referring to their soul.
> *Sylus tilts his head slightly and points to his eye.*
> Sylus: Even at just 21 grams, the soul is one of the most precious gifts the universe has given to humanity.
* ((This reference to a soul weighing 21 grams ensures that the reader will later understand the reference to half a soul in the [[Connoisseur's Menu#Today's Special Sweet Evil Trap]]. See that page for more discussion of this reference.))

> MC: ...When you collect souls, are you basically stealing from the universe?
> Sylus: Did you just change the subject by making fun of me? Can you stand up?
* ((Notably, I can't remember any main-timeline references where MC would have learned that Sylus collects/devours souls with his eye/power. We can infer it's happened some time before this event, though I don't think it's been on-page. Or, a compelling interpretation is this is something she's "remembered" from her other life. #todo))

MC jumps up to show off that she's fine, and Sylus says:
> Sylus: Don't push yourself. In this game of life and death, even the smallest vulnerability could cost you everything.
* ((I don't think it's an accident that this comes close after [[Event - Night Whisper#Chapter 4]] confirms that Sylus sees MC as his only weakness/vulnerability, and he encourages her to live a bold life to give this weakness meaning. In essence, he's asking her to take care of herself because he doesn't want to lose her.))

Just as MC agrees with Sylus's advice to stay put and keep quiet for now, the [[Ever android]]s attack again with their [[antimatter weapon]]s.
* ((This implies that whatever prevented them from joining the killing zone before has now been resolved. Perhaps simply waiting for authorization from whoever's in charge of them.))

MC quickly notes the layout of the alley and comes up with a plan, which Sylus happily follows. They deal with the five figures, but "almost ten" are still at large. This leads to a cute exchange:

> MC: Are you okay?
> Sylus: You took the words right out of my mouth.

MC wonders how they were found so directly, and Sylus finds and destroys a nearly invisible tracking chip on her wrist. MC figures it could have been [[Ever]], [[Dimitri]], or the elderly woman who stabbed her. Sylus doesn't offer any theories, saying that regardless, they need to relocate.