# Summary
MC starts to flash back to her childhood, realizing she's in the [[Deepspace Collision Chamber]] where she was "born" and also "killed" before. [[Dimitri]] makes clear his plans to destroy her, explaining the [[antimatter weapon]]-like capabilities of the chamber to neutralize her energy and erase the "sin" he feels responsible for as he blames MC for the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]].

As MC begins to "die", her consciousness expands beyond her body and reconnects with her broader cosmic power, revealing that the [[Aether Core]]s are the planetary cores of parallel versions of [[Philos]] that are reborn and die again in an endless cycle. See [[cosmic cinematic#All From Deepspace]] for details.

The scene ends with MC "finding" and re-integrating all the various fractured aspects of her identity. ((Though the total state of her current memories remains unspecified.))

← [[05-02.02 From Greatness to Madness]] | [[05-02.04 Dust of Memories]] →
## Commentary
### Philos and MC reveals
This chapter drops a huge amount of clarification for the nature and origins of both [[MC]] and [[Philos]]. 

Other related topics include:
* [[cosmic heartbeat]]
* [[the giant red eye]]
* [[cosmic cinematic#All From Deepspace]]
* [[Aether Core]]
	* [[Origo Core]]
* [[Chronorift Catastrophe]]

# Details
> *Chaos, agony, the freezing cold... My body feels like it's being crushed. I must've blacked out for a bit.*
> *Fighting through the pain wracking my body and the taste of blood, I force myself to get up inside the glass sphere. On one knee, I struggle to catch my breath.*
> *Below me lies a metallic floor made from an unknown material, and above me looms an inverted glass chamber. The familiar sight triggers a flood of memories.*
> MC: (This is... the [[Deepspace Collision Chamber]]. I was imprisoned here before!)
> Dimitri: Stop struggling, child.
> *The voice pierces the thick glass. The collision chamber has already been activated. It's now floating six feet off the ground.*
> Dimitri stands below, and the controller in his hand is stained with blood.
> Dimitri: I already obtained the current data on your Evol while you were in the battle.
> *He raises a chip in his hand.*
> Dimitri: Once I insert this into the chip reader, the equipment can use its antimatter capabilities— To completely neutralize your energy.
> *Although there's a gentle smile on his face, the hate in his gaze twists it into something grotesque.*
> *Disgusted, I turn away and try to concentrate on resonating with the collision chamber's energy source.*
> MC: (I can't resonate with it... How is that even possible?!)
> Dimitri: Go. Return to where you came from. You never had a place in this world. Humans who foolishly try to control a power as great as yours will only bring disaster upon themselves. The [[Chronorift Catastrophe]] and the [[Wanderer]]s... It was all because of our greed. We should have never created you. With the hands that stained this world in sin... I'll put an end to it.
> *I stand up while using the glass wall as support. Yet vertigo hits me. Air is being drained out of the chamber.*
> *The pressure suddenly drops and the air in my body rapidly expands. At this rate, my lungs might rupture before anything else kills me.*
> MC: (I hate to admit it, but I feel like I'm getting... a sense of déjà vu...)
> *My body recognizes this feeling before my mind does. Muscle memory is sending me a warning.*
> *It won't be long until I lose control of my limbs. I won't be able to feel anything.*
> *And my strength... Even my thoughts will slow down and fade into oblivion.*
> MC: (...That was who I used to be.)
> *I won't sit here and wait to die.*
> *My thoughts are sluggish as I watch myself in slow motion. I draw my weapon. Struggling to raise my arm, I pull the trigger and cause an explosion.*
> *But the energy burst from my weapon is absorbed by the active collision chamber. It can convert energy into fuel for its power source.*
> *My vision blurs. Not only is my strength being drained, but my body is also becoming numb.*
> *The glass chamber reflects the cold laboratory lights. They sketch out fragmented memories.*
> *It's the same collision chamber that I was violently thrown into as a child.*
> ((Young)) Dimitri: Those monsters and that cosmic void in the sky... It's all because of you... You. are this world's calamity. We should have destroyed you years ago...
* ((This phrasing is a little weird as she's only been around for less than two months as of the flashback. Possibly a localization or continuity error, but not consequential.))

> MC: (I've experienced this before... It was him at that time, too...)
> *The contorted face of the young man begins to merge with Dimitri's weary, wrinkled face below. Then, I lose my sense of direction.*
> Dimitri: Since that day, l've been the only one who was determined to destroy you. I failed before... But time proved to me that I was on the right side of history. I will... finish what I started and atone for my past failure!
> MC: (This lunatic...)
> Dimitri: Begone! Go back to where you came from... Just die already!
> MC: (...I refuse to let this maniac kill me!)
> *A powerful resonance resounds and builds within the chamber. It syncs up with the tremors deep within my heart.*
> *I desperately try to maintain control. I'm attempting to seal the weak spots the echoes create, but l'm fighting a losing battle.*
> *The resonance's energy hums and shatters invisible chains. My consciousness breaks free from its physical cage, and my soul rapidly surges forth.*
> MC: (I--)
> *My consciousness disperses with the energy burst. Countless reverberations echo across this planet.*
> *And from Deepspace, a mysterious connection descends.*

A cosmic cinematic ([[cosmic cinematic#All From Deepspace]]) plays, revealing that [[Philos]] is a planet with many parallel timelines, some longer, some shorter, and the planet always eventually perishes and implodes, creating an [[Aether Core]]. She specifically sees the [[Origo Core]].

> *My awareness gradually fades as my body feels weightless. The ethereal eye appears once more. It devours me completely this time.*
> *All the sensations in my body disappear as the scene before me gradually fades into darkness.*
> *Suddenly, I "hear" a strong heartbeat and "feel" a warm power flow through me.*
> *It's a fragment from another place and time. Yet it brings a familiar presence. Everything that was lost has returned to me.*
> *At first, they're just blurry images reminiscent of scattered, flickering stars in my mind.*
> *But as time passes, these images start to become clear. They slowly come together and form vivid, tangible scenes. Complete with sounds, textures, temperatures, and even the faintest presence, they're real and full of life.*
> *Unfamiliar fragments connect into a single, unbroken thread. Those past experiences, emotions, choices, and missions—*
> *Once again, they cross the barriers of time and space.
> *Carefully weaving themselves into the fabric of my existence, they become a part of me.*