# Summary
[[Dimitri]] and [[MC]] discuss the rules of the [[Zoion Hunt]] before stopping by [[Elysium]]. Here, [[Dimitri]] steps away to discuss something with "a friend".

[[Aislinn]] properly introduces herself as [[Elysium]]'s owner (and the person identified as Shopkeeper back in [[02-02.01 Alone]]). She tells MC about the [[Connoisseur's Menu]].

Dimitri returns and guides MC back out to the edge of [[Charon]], where [[Mephisto]] is waiting for her.

← [[05-01.02 Charon]] | [[05-01.04 The Match]] →
## Commentary

### Purpose of Elysium visit
It could just be that Dimitri wanted to pop in on his way by for unrelated business.

However, given that [[Mephisto]] is ready to pick [[MC]] up after they leave [[Elysium]], and that [[Dimitri]] isn't actually a mystical being, it's possible that he contacted [[Sylus]] at this point, especially since in ( #todo) we learn that [[Sylus]] had a deal with [[Dimitri]] to bring MC to him. The most likely explanation seems to be that they made the deal at this point, and so [[Dimitri]] was willing to deposit [[MC]] in [[Sylus]]'s care, knowing she'd be back. This is further supported by his mysterious comment as he leaves, that he'll see her soon.

Also notable is that [[MC]] doesn't actually tell [[Dimitri]] where she wants to go, so either this is glossed over and meant to be implied, or the fact that [[Dimitri]] knows to leave her with [[Sylus]] further suggests they made their deal at this point.

# Details
As they cross the fray, MC notes frequent [[Metaflux]] explosions. She asks about the rules of the [[Zoion Hunt]], and [[Dimitri]] calls them "Hunts of the primal variety".

> A cold wind sweeps past us as three humanoid Wanderers crash into a roadside shop. They grab and tear a person's limbs apart.
> But then a sudden Protocore explosion engulfs the storefront.

((The "last one standing" rules of the hunt foreshadow the later reveal of the [[nebula arena]].))

[[Dimitri]] describes the rules for the hunt, including what weapons are allowed, and comments that people also use [[Wanderer]]s as weapons. ((This foreshadows the later reveal of the true purpose of the [[human-like Wanderer]]s.))

He appears apologetic about the brutal nature of the fight, but MC says it takes more than that to scare her. They arrive at [[Elysium]], where [[Aislinn]] tends bar and patrons watch the fights.

A patron recognizes [[Dimitri]] and asks who he's betting on, and he excuses himself to discuss something with "a friend", encouraging her to try the food.

> *I politely nod. However, I've decided not to touch the food in this place.*
* ((This may be a reference to greek mythology, where eating the food of the underworld caused Persephone to be trapped there part of the year ([Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Persephone#Interpretation_of_the_myth)).))

> *A pair of lemon-scented hands encircle my neck, but they quickly pull away before I can retaliate.*
> *The owner of Elysium moves to face me.*
> Elysium Owner (([[Aislinn]])): Ah, we meet again, Missy. You're really something else if you know someone like [[Dimitri]].

[[Aislinn]] then reveals that Dimitri is the "Lord of [[Charon]]" and host of the [[Zoion Hunt]]. She says that even [[Sylus]] keeps his distance. ((Which is used to explain why Sylus hasn't mentioned such an important entity before.))

[[Aislinn]] asks if MC wants to order something and hints that "our services extend beyond just filling empty stomachs." ((This foreshadows that MC will use the [[Connoisseur's Menu]] to find [[Sylus]] later.))

Dimitri returns, business finished, and escorts MC back out onto the street. They head a bit further, and then at the boundary of the killing zone, [[Mephisto]] is there to pick her up.

Dimitri hints that they'll see each other again soon.

