# Summary
Now that [[MC]] has found [[Dimitri]] in the observation area, she realizes he's stayed around [[Charon]] to keep the facility running all these years it seemed to be "abandoned".

Dimitri goes on a monologue, revealing that MC was "born" at the [[Gaia Research Center]], having manifested from energy as they were attempting to recreate an energy signature received in a message from [[Deepspace]] earlier in 2034. Dimitri's account matches [[Josephine's secret notes]], though he clearly objectifies MC. He reveals that her [[Aether Core]] power is like that of a planetary core, and this foreshadows a key reveal about Aether Cores coming later in [[05-02 All From Deepspace]]. (That is, that the [[Aether Core]]s ARE planetary cores from the branching timelines.)

After his monologue, he trips a switch in the pod, causing a glass sphere to close around MC, trapping her. She tries to fight her way out, but he draws a powerful weapon and fires it at her, knocking her back.

← [[05-02.01 Welcome Back]] | [[05-02.03 Cosmic Convergence]] →
## Commentary
### Dimitri vs. Josephine
The contrast between these two researchers is clear and intentional. Josephine always has empathy for MC as a person and a child, and advocates against "killing" her in their experiment. But Dimitri sees her more as a source of power to be exploited--but also a source of guilt/shame over the consequences of attempting to exploit her power.

# Details
Upon finding [[Dimitri]] in the [[Gaia Research Center]], MC infers that he's been keeping the lab operational all these years despite it being abandoned--and this was his real reason for being in [[Charon]].

Speaking of the lab, Dimitri says:
> Dimitri: It's where you were born. Your first home in this world. \[...] Back then, the research team accompanied you every day. We raised you as if you were our own child. We believed you represented humanity's most intimate connection with Deepspace...
> *A flickering hologram appears behind him. Fragmented faces of figures huddled together manifest before dissolving into light and shadow.*
> *I don't recognize any of them, yet a warmth wells up from the depths of my heart.*
> Dimitri: After the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]], our team was disbanded. Many of us disappeared without a trace... I'm the only one who stayed here to keep watch. I knew you would return one day. I've been waiting for you for a long time.
> MC: You already knew who I was when you saw me at Charon.
> Dimitri: Why, of course. I can recognize our most precious treasure anywhere. Your power is unique, after all.
> *He unconsciously moves half a step. Upon seeing me back away warily, his voice becomes even gentler.*
> Dimitri: Don't be afraid, my child. I've been waiting for you this whole time. I must atone for the sin I left behind. I know you have many questions. Go ahead, ask them. I'll tell you everything you want to know.
> *Seeing the sincerity in his eyes, I hesitate. Should I ask him a question?*
> MC: (I might be close to the truth this time... I need to hear what he has to say.)
> MC: You said I was born here. Why don't you tell me what happened back then?
> Dimitri: While not an ancient beginning, it was still sacred nonetheless...
> *A hologram of an energy graph depicting the process of planetary evolution appears in the center of the ruins. Planets are born, and eventually they die. Then they're reborn only to die again.*
> *Visibly moved, he stares at the floating data curves on the display.*
> Dimitri: It's a beautiful cycle.
> MC: I asked about my origins, not humanity's. You don't have to start from when the Earth was formed.
> Dimitri: You think this is the life cycle of a planet? It's not. It's a representation of your life, your power
> MC: (...Is he crazy?!) ... Go on.
> Dimitri: You are [[EVER]]'s most wonderful, most magnificent creation!
> *A blank expression appears on my face. I can't even pretend to play along anymore.*
> *But Dimitri doesn't care about whether his audience is responding or not.*
> Dimitri: It began in 2034, when humanity received a faint signal from Deepspace. Once it was decoded, it revealed a story about a planet's quest for immortality. An ordinary planet achieved immortality by harnessing an inexhaustible cosmic energy source. They inspired us. And so, we conducted an experiment using collisions to recreate this inexhaustible cosmic energy. After several failed attempts, one proved to be a success. The energy manifested! However, no one expected it... to appear inside a child's body. And that child was you.
> MC: ...
> Dimitri: The powerful energy fluctuations we were waiting for... They came from you. The power was impossible to analyze and measure. It only grew stronger as time passed. It grew like a planet and reached its peak on Day 27. Then, it started to decay on Day 36... On Day 41, it disappeared completely. Dead. Then, it was followed by an explosion. But shortly after, your power reconstituted itself and began to grow once again. Just like a planet. Therefore, we believe the power of the [[Aether Core]] within your body is equivalent to the energy of a planet.
* ((This timing matches that in [[Josephine's secret notes]]. Also, note how Josephine's POV sees MC primarily as a child, and Dimitri is focused on the power, using "it" to describe MC's life.))

> *With growing intensity, his gaze gradually shifts from the hologram to me. It's as if he's seeking my confirmation.*

The player can then choose:
* I don't believe it.
* You're not sick in the head, right?
* Fascinating.
	* *I can't help but let out a scornful laugh*
	* MC: So you're saying I could destroy and rebuild everything on a whim? Is that why you're telling me this? You want me to help you destroy the world?

> *Dimitri's outstretched arms are slowly lowered as a look of dejection appears on his face.*
> Dimitri: I don't blame you for being skeptical. Even we who witnessed your birth firsthand were at a loss. We didn't know if we should let you grow up like a normal person... or use you as a resource. Would this immense power lead to catastrophe...?
> MC: Ah, there goes that caring facade. Took you long enough. Referring to this place as my "first home" and talking about a "magnificent creation" ... In the end, it was about making a massive profit.
> Even in the ramblings of a madman, fragments of truth lie hidden beneath insanity.
> From his words, I can piece together what EVER wanted to obtain via Unicorn.
> They desired a new kind of energy that was far more powerful and plentiful than
> Earth's natural resources and Protocore Energy.
> MC: (Maybe that was when [[EVER]] set their sights on the [[Aether Core]].)
> Dimitri: You have no idea what kind of temptation lay before us back then...
> *While Dimitri is engrossed in his fervent monologue, I keep an eye on his unstable state. I also use this as an opportunity to examine the laboratory.*
> Dimitri: We had countless debates. The [[Chronorift Catastrophe]] struck when we were in the middle of our endless back-and-forth. My career, my dreams, my colleagues, those days we spent to achieve our goals...
> MC: (Something's wrong with him...)
> *My gaze quickly shifts to the control panel some distance away from Dimitri. I discreetly get ready to use my Evol.*
> Dimitri: It's over. It's truly... over...!
> *Seemingly drowning in penitence, Dimitri falls to his knees and triggers a hidden mechanism.*
> *A surge of energy rises from below. The large laboratory begins to shake as the rails rattle.*
> MC: (Wait... It's not the laboratory that's shaking!)
> *Sensing movement beneath my feet, I quickly back away. But I slam into a wall instead of finding the door. A massive, curved glass panel had silently descended behind me. Its cold surface blocks my escape route.*
> *I've barely pulled out my gun when curved glass panels-previously suspended above and diagonally in front of me-descend. The panels are about to create the perfect cage. I'll be stuck inside this spherical chamber like an insect preserved in amber.*
> *It's a mechanical trap. I had walked into the jaws of a beast as soon as I stepped through the laboratory doors.*
> Dimitri: Go on now... Fix our mistakes... Go on... Go...
>*With steady hands, I slip a small explosive charge into the last remaining gap before the glass panels seal themselves. Then I get down on the ground as fast as I can.*
>*Shockwaves reverberate throughout the spherical chamber. A strong force strikes my head. In spite of the pain, however, I hear the rails get jammed for a split second.*
>*I charge toward the explosion site without a second thought. Using my momentum, I smash my gun against the area where the glass panels meet.*
>*The impact forcibly opens a narrow gap barely half a palm wide. I immediately raise my gun to shoot. The bullets hit the area near Dimitri's feet, but they fail to stop whatever switch he activated. I aim my gun at him.*
>*A familiar energy emanates from the darkness behind Dimitri. As he stands up, my instincts scream at the new threat. I open fire.*
>*The bullets hit him, but he seems unfazed as he pulls out a weapon and aims it at me.*
>*The powerful blast sends me flying and crushes what little chance of survival I had been desperately clinging to.*

