# Summary
After defeating the [[Wanderer]], [[MC]] and [[Sylus]] are separated when MC falls through the arena floor along with the Wanderer's modified shell. She emerges into the buried [[Gaia Research Center]], where the "announcement system" reawakes and addresses her as [[Subject 001]], also greeting researchers [[Westley]], [[Dimitri]], and Josephine (([[Grandma]])).

The system guides her to the [[Unicorn]] research area, and she passes areas with teams dedicated to studying [[Xavier]], [[Zayne]], and [[Rafayel]]. At the end of the hall is the [[Unicorn]] area, and as she arrives she has a flashback to hugging [[Grandma]] there.

[[Dimitri]] is waiting and addresses her as [[Subject 001]] and "our Little Bomb".

← [[05-01.12 Battle - Crimson Miasma - Challenge]] | [[05-02.02 From Greatness to Madness]] →

## Commentary
### The other researchers
See also [[Gaia Research Center#Known Researchers]].

The welcome announcement reveals that Dimitri is a former [[Ever]] researcher and introduces a name we haven't heard before--Researcher [[Westley]].

While at this point [[Gaia Researcher]] is unnamed, Westley is a traditionally masculine name so they're unlike to be the same person.

# Details
After defeating the Wanderer in the center of the arena, MC falls through the floor into the area below the arena. She lands painfully, injuring her right arm, and finds herself in a "towering corridor" of the [[Gaia Research Center]].

She calls out for Sylus, but he doesn't reply. She feels a faint tremor in her chest, and determine the source is at the end of the corridor.

> The vibration is soothing, and it gradually syncs with my heartbeat. My feet start moving on their own.
> It's as if someone is pulling invisible strings. I'm drawn toward the darkness that lies ahead...

She passes into the range of a computer system.
> Announcement System: Active life-form detected. Verifying identity... Verification complete. Welcome back, Zero... Zero...
> `(there's a malfunction and static)`
> Announcement System: ...Welcome back, Researcher Westley. Welcome back, Researcher Dimitri. Welcome back, Researcher Josephine. Congratulations on regaining consciousness, Subject 001. How are you feeling today?

As MC tries to make sense of what's happening, the announcement system is able to read her emotions, reporting confusion, wariness, anxiety, and physical pain. It tries to assure her, telling her to go to the observation room where the "nearest researcher" is. ((Notably, this is the same room mentioned in [[Josephine's notes]] and [[Josephine's secret notes]] where they kept her for observation during the experiments when she "died".))

As MC heads to the observation room, she notes several other labeled areas including references to [[Xavier]], [[Zayne]], and [[Rafayel]]. See [[Gaia Research Center#Known areas]] for details.

The most prominent door at the end of the corridor is for the [[Unicorn]] team. She hesitates, then proceeds, resonating with the door to open it.

She sees warm light and has a flashback: 
> ?? ((MC's voice)): ...What game are we playing today?
> *In a dreamlike haze, I watch as a tiny girl runs past me and throws herself into the familiar embrace of the figure standing in the light.*
> MC:  (Grandma...)

Then the vision and light vanish, leaving the harsh blue of LEDs. [[Dimitri]] is waiting for her and addresses her as [[Subject 001]] and "our Little Bomb".