# Summary
MC arrives at [[Sylus's base]] where she finds him, [[Luke and Kieran]] distracted in [[Sylus's gaming pods]]. She hops into the fourth pod to shoot them down and get Sylus's attention. After he emerges, he immediately senses the [[Spatium Core]] and asks what she "ate". His desire for that power causes [[Sylus's Eye]] to activate.

Over a chess match, they discuss how she got the [[Aether Core]] and why she's in the [[N109 Zone]]--to find the [[Gaia Research Center]]. Sylus is skeptical of what [[Gaia Researcher]] said and challenges whether remembering is helpful, but [[MC]] expresses that she wants to find out her origin and not wait for someone else to make choices for her.

He shows her that her map to the [[Gaia Research Center]] is useless--but he himself knows where it is. Under the [[Charon Arena]].

← [[05-01.03 Zoion Hunt]] | [[05-01.05 Join the Game]] →
## Commentary

# Details
> With Mephisto as my escort, I arrive at the familiar base without a hitch.

She hears explosions, thinking they might be related to the [[05-01.03 Zoion Hunt]], but actually it's [[Sylus]], [[Luke and Kieran]] playing space combat VR games. ((See also [[Sylus's gaming pods]]))

When Sylus doesn't answer her knocking, she gets in the fourth pod (that's already set up for her) and goes to shoot them down to get their attention. Once she shoots down Sylus's ship, he emerges from the gaming pod.

> Sylus: Why were you so riled up? You blew up half the battlefield, too. Are you satisfied now?
> MC: I'm short on time. After I ask my question, I'll go.
> *I expected him to make excuses about losing the game. Instead, he furrows his brow while he stares at me.*
* ((Sylus immediately notices that she's absorbed the power of the [[Spatium Core]].))
> MC: What?
> Sylus: You had something nice to eat.
> MC: No, I was just at Elysium. The owner and I caught up.
> Sylus: Playing dumb isn't very nice, kitten.
> *As he speaks, he moves closer to me as if sensing something.*
> Sylus: A special [[Protocore]]... Is it an [[Aether Core]]?
> *Sylus's accurate assessment catches me off guard. While trying to keep the energy within me stable, I turn to look at him and respond with an inquisitive smile.*
> MC: What's wrong? Weren't you always hoping l'd get stronger?
> Sylus: Who gave it to you?

The player can choose whether to say they gave it to themselves, or it was related to the incident. either way, she gives [[Sylus]] an overview of the key details of the incident.

> MC: Just as I was on the verge of losing consciousness, my body instinctively absorbed the [[Spatium Core]].
> *His Adam's apple bobs once, and I catch a glimpse of the Protocore in his eye emitting a dizzying red glow.*
> *Before I can get a better look, he walks to the minibar. He downs a glass of liquor in one go.*
> *The turbulent energy within me finally settles down, and I realize Sylus is locked in an intense battle against his desire for Protocores.*
* ((See also: [[Sylus's Eye]]))

> Sylus: Setting aside the possibility that you're here to show off your shiny new Protocore, what brings you to the N109 Zone?

MC shows him a map from before the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]] showing where the [[Gaia Research Center]] was.

> MC: The person who almost killed me said I first appeared here... During one of the [[Unicorn Research Team]]'s experiments.
> *Sylus glances at it before turning his attention to the chessboard on the table.*
> Sylus: And you actually believe that nonsense.

MC says she wants to go for herself to see whether that person is lying, then sits down at the chessboard Sylus was eyeing. (Their last game ended in a draw.) The chess game thematically intersperses this conversation. The dialogue is:

> [[MC]]: When I was younger, I had doubts about my past. Later I figured that so long as I was healthy and safe, none of it really mattered. But a human heart shouldn't contain a Protocore. I need to find out who I really am instead of waiting for mysterious people to find me.
> \[...]
> Sylus: And then what? Do you actually believe that learning about your past will make things better?
> MC: When I see people-whether close or distant-suddenly racing toward a destination... \[...] The one who seems to stay still may be left at a disadvantage forever.
> Sylus: That's just what it looks like on the surface, kitten. As soon as you make your move, you give your opponents an opening. Sometimes, the best move is not to make one at all.
> MC:  ...What about you?
> *Before he can pull back his hand, I quickly grab my queen and point it at Sylus's eye.*
> MC: Your fusion with a Protocore couldn't have been a coincidence either. Is that a friendly piece of advice or a warning?
> *In our brief standoff, he finally shows his first smile of the day.*
> Sylus: My situation holds no value as a reference point. Those words were nothing but a distraction so I could win the game.
* ((This could be Sylus hinting again that the power of his eye isn't really an [[Aether Core]], see also [[Sylus's Eye]].))
* ((Sylus is being a bit coy here, as there does still seem to have been some sincerity behind his words))

> *Sylus grabs the chess piece from my hand. Taking my wrist, he guides me to the floor-to-ceiling window.*
> *As the curtains slowly part, they reveal the night sky. Below us is the N109 Zone in its entirety.*

He shows her that the N109 zone is no longer recognizable, and her map is useless. 

> MC: Surely the people who used to live here—
> Sylus: They left.
> MC: [[EVER]]'s agent handlers for gathering intel?
> Sylus: Dead.
> MC: What about the [[Odd Workshop]]'s owner? Surely he's...
> Sylus: Unfortunately for you, he just left town yesterday. He won't be back until next month at the earliest.
> MC: ...
> *I frown as my leads get cut off before me.*
> Sylus: Do you really want to know?
> MC: Even if I didn't, people keep forcing me to find out.
> Sylus: ...
> *He pushes me closer to the window. Then, I realize it. The only person who knows the truth has been right here all along.*
> Sylus: There. Underground.
> *Following Sylus's gesture, I see it. The massive holographic screen in the sky...*
> *It's the heart of the [[Zoion Hunt]] I experienced today, a paradise of bloodshed and revelry: the [[Charon Arena]].*