# Summary
As [[MC]] regains consciousness, she finds [[Sylus]] there and protecting her from the crumbling laboratory. Summoning fiend-like power, he captures [[Dimitri]] and flies them out of the crumbling lab and back to the main arena area. MC remembers that he also broke her out the last time, during the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]].

Here, Sylus collects on a deal he made with [[Dimitri]] back then, in which he agreed to bring [[MC]] before [[Dimitri]] in exchange for [[Dimitri]]'s soul. Thus, Dimitri is killed. Sylus reveals that [[Sylus and MC's Evol linkage]] kept her soul bound to him and prevented her from dying, then they head back home.

At the end of the chapter, MC has a key flashback--she remembers the [[interstellar arena]] and fighting [[Wanderer]]s there with a Young Sylus. Then the [[Deepspace Tunnel]] separates them, and he reappears--now older and imposing--and breaks her out of the observation chamber.

← [[05-02.03 Cosmic Convergence]] | [[05-02.05 Rules Fall Before Us]] →
## Commentary
### MC's energy burst
The lab is crumbling due to the energy burst from MC's power. Just as described in [[Josephine's secret notes]], [[Dimitri]] has followed the protocol to "kill" her. The power burst corresponds to her "death". Previously, when she resurrected, she lost her memories. This time, [[Sylus and MC's Evol linkage]] keeps her soul rooted to [[Sylus]] and the end of [[05-02.03 Cosmic Convergence]] describes the sensation of her memories returning to her (potentially including memories from her other lives as well). So, while she's "died" again, she's retained her key memories this time. She's also gained a broader cosmic understanding of her power and what happens when she resurrects.

# Details
MC returns to her body to find rubble falling around her, while she's shielded by [[Sylus]]'s mist.

> *Meeting my stunned gaze, Sylus relaxes his furrowed brow. An amused smile appears on his face.*
> Sylus: Nice explosion, Little Bomb.
* Note the furrowed brow as a subtle clue that he's worried.

> MC: ...Sylus.
> Sylus: This place is collapsing. Give me your hand.
> *The hand reaching out to me now overlaps with the memory of that same hand breaking through the barrier many years ago.*
* (During the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]], [[Dimitri]] tried to kill her in this same way to "fix" the catastrophe. That time, [[Sylus]] also rescued her, having just come through the newly opened [[Deepspace Tunnel]].)

> Fragmented memories flood my mind, but there's no time to dwell on them now.
> I force my aching arm to move and grab his hand.
> Sylus yanks me out of the wreckage in one fluid motion. He secures his grip on my arm as he crouches.
> Sylus : Keep your eyes open this time, kitten. Watch how we escape, and... Remember it well.
> *Overwhelming power lifts him up. It manifests behind him like a fiend that crushes all obstacles in its way. Its wings have blocked out the heavens.*
> *We soar past the crumbling debris and fly away from the depths. Thunderous explosions echo below.*
> *Standing at the edge of the arena, I finally see the full extent of destruction caused by my uncontrolled energy burst.*
> *The entire central area has collapsed. Only a bottomless pit remains, its edges crumbling away.*

> I leave Sylus's side as that strange, detached sensation gradually fades.
> Dimitri, bound by tendrils of black-red mist, is thrown down before us.
> Sylus: Our deal is complete. Now surrender your soul.
> Dimitri: Cough, cough... Monster...
> Sylus: There are two of us here. Who are you referring to?
> His unfocused gaze can no longer locate his enemy as he desperately claws at the mist coiling around his neck.
> Dimitri: The terms of our deal... haven't been fulfilled!
> Sylus: I only agreed to bring her before you. Foolishness and arrogance aren't valid reasons to breach our contract.
> *Sylus violently grabs Dimitri by the collar. The mist swiftly coils around the former researcher's neck.*
> Sylus: You underestimated how much she's grown. Look at you, thinking she's still the little girl whose life you held carelessly in your hands. Like every gambler who overestimates themselves, you are not as clever as you think you are.
> Dimitri: I... I know who's behind the antimatter... Let me go...
> *With a contemptuous laugh, Sylus forcefully turns Dimitri's head to face me.*
> Sylus: Get a nice long look. It'll be your last. And do your best to remember the person who brought about your downfall. Die with a smile for us, all right?
> *As Dimitri's screams and body are swallowed by black-red mist, I turn my gaze to the center of the arena.*
> *One after another, muffled explosions resound underground.*
> *This place will be gone after today. It won't reappear anytime soon.*
> MC: ...
> *The laboratory that was never meant to exist might hold a few childhood memories. I might've cried in some corner or laughed in front of a platform...*
> *Perhaps I made those researchers, who saw me as an otherworldly specimen, believe I was just a normal child for a moment.*
> *Or maybe none of that ever happened. But it doesn't matter anymore.*
> Sylus: How much do you remember?
> MC: ...A lot, but it's all jumbled up.
> *l ignore whatever happened to Dimitri and look at Sylus.*
> MC: That deal you made with him... Was it when I escaped from the research center?
> Sylus: Yeah.
> MC: Did you bring me here so I could remember everything?
> *He doesn't look at me. Instead, he speaks as if he's addressing the darkness beneath his feet.*
> Sylus: You would've done this sooner or later. That's just who you are.
> MC: Then shouldn't you be worried about my power destroying you and this world?
> Sylus: Should I be?
> *I stare at his profile to emphasize my point.*
> MC: Right now, I can't control my power when it fully manifests. Assuming it happens again, everything here might be destroyed like my soul...
> *With a slight smile, Sylus shakes his head. He raises his hand to draw my attention to something.*
> *A familiar linkage materializes between our wrists to bind us together.*
> Sylus: Sorry, but your soul doesn't have the privilege of leaving whenever it wants. I will keep you bound to me for all of eternity. Our connection transcends this place and this world. So, are you done looking around?
> MC: I guess there's nothing else to see...
> *Sylus nods and turns to leave.*
> *As his arm moves, the linkage forces our steps to be in perfect sync.*
> Sylus: We're done here. Let's go home.
* [[Sylus and MC's Evol linkage]]

The background changes to a pinkish eye-like nebula ([[the giant red eye]])
> In the vast cosmos, my power has no starting point or destination. It appeared when the universe was created. It's a fundamental law etched into the fabric of existence.
> At some point, a force--weak yet unbreakable--began to bind me.
> And with it came an endless fall.
> `There's a visual of doors opening with the flashback effect.`
> In a majestic arena floating among nebulae, a boy and girl stand. Soaked in blood, they're greeted by thunderous cheers.
> When it comes to killing [[Wanderer]]s, [[Sylus]] and I always have perfect coordination...
> ??? ((Young Sylus)): You're not going to team up with me this time?
> MC: I hate teammates who try to steal my points.
> ((Young Sylus)): Then what do you hate more--teammates who steal your points or teammates who can't keep up with you?
> MC: ...You're so annoying! If you steal my points again, I'm throwing you into [[Tartarus]].
> ((Young Sylus)): Okay.
> MC: Give me your hand. We're a team now.
> ((Young Sylus)): Hm, yeah.
> *The disconnected scenes flash by in a random order.*
> *Sometimes they're blurry and hazy. Other times they're crystal clear.*
> *As time marches on, the [[Deepspace Tunnel]] —vast and capable of tearing apart any form of energy--separates us.*
> *The memories dissolve into my current reality. Images overlap. I recognize the figure before me, but now he's tall and imposing.*
> *He descends with his fierce pride. Below the sky, he materializes before me:*
> *In the destroyed laboratory, he silently stares at the collision chamber before smashing through its barrier with his fist.*