# Summary
After the events of [[04 Homecoming Wings]], tensions are rising in [[Linkon]]. [[Ever]] has announced [[The Fountain of Atei]], spurring extremist [[Purist]]s into attacks on [[Deepspace Hunter]] operations.

So, [[MC]] and [[Simone]] are on a secret mission to relocate the [[Spatium Core]]. Suddenly, [[Gaia Researcher]] runs them off the road with a flaming truck and a series of explosions. It seems that her goal is to free someone or something, though it's unclear what.

She tells MC that MC was born in [[Deepspace]], the [[Gaia key]] belongs to her alone, and without her [[The Fountain of Atei]] will only be a poor imitation.

As MC and Simone are in the hospital, it's concluded there's a [[high-ranking mole in the Association]]. When MC recovers, she resolves to find the remains of the [[Gaia Research Center]] in the [[N109 Zone]].

Meanwhile, [[White-Haired Boy]] emerges from the [[Fractal Library]] in the [[Arctic]] and begins heading for [[Zayne]], who he refers to as the [[Emissary]].

← [[04-02.13 Battle - Peace Returns - Challenge]] | [[05-01.02 Charon]] →
## Commentary
### MC's Origins
This chapter includes a major reveal about MC's origins. The key details we learn are:
* [[MC]] was "born" in [[Deepspace]]
* [[Ever]] was responsible for her arrival on earth, at the [[Gaia Research Center]]
* A mysterious researcher, [[Gaia Researcher]], used to work with Josephine/[[Grandma]] there.
* "Without the key, [[The Fountain of Atei]] will only remain a poor imitation."
* "The key belongs to no one else. You are the one who holds all of its secrets."
* See also, [[Gaia key]]

# Details
We start with a recap:
> Within the span of a single month, the [[Farspace Fleet]]'s significant return and subsequent secret departure stirs intense public discussion.
> The rumors that circulated when [[Skyhaven]] was under martial law discussed the Fleet's armed operation to eliminate certain "anomalous [[Wanderer]]s."
> While no footage of these events has surfaced, the Fleet's tight-lipped response has inevitably sown seeds of panic among the population.
> After the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]], the [[Hunters Association]] released several reports on [[Wanderer]] evolution and their mutations.
> Like humans, the Wanderers continue to grow stronger. Peace remains a distant goal for this world.
> As people grow increasingly uneasy about the Fleet's mysterious operations, a bombshell announcement takes everyone by surprise.

((The Fleet's "return and subsequent secret departure" describes the events of [[04 Homecoming Wings]]. With [[Caleb]]'s mission at the end of that arc, the Fleet goes back to its usual MO and withdraws from direct involvement with [[Skyhaven]].))

> [[EVER]] announces the imminent launch of a project called [[The Fountain of Atei]].
> The forty-second preview quickly becomes a global sensation and the focal point of discussions worldwide.
> The Internet debates the development and application of [[Protocore]] technology.
> [[Skyhaven]], powered by [[Protocore Energy]], becomes the target of widespread criticism due to the Fleet's recent actions. Countless conspiracy theories emerge.

> Beneath the floating island, Linkon's scattered lights weave an intricate web across the land.
> In the windless night, dark figures flit by glass walls. They're quickly masked by the red glow of aircraft warning lights atop skyscrapers.
> The unrest brewing online seeps quietly into the physical world and ferments under Linkon's facade of normalcy.

> Waves of controversial topics stoke the growing public outrage. The Association becomes the primary target of this rising tide.
> In response, the Association implements a series of countermeasures. This includes the covert relocation of the [[Spatium Core]] stored in the Association's building.
* ((Note that as of the end of [[04 Homecoming Wings]], the [[Farspace Fleet]] still has the fourth fragment of the [[Spatium Core]], so this core is incomplete unless the Fleet handed the fragment over in the meantime.))

The scene begins in the self-driving [[Protocore]] transport vehicle ([[Transport Vehicle I09]]), where [[Simone]], [[Andrew]], and [[MC]] discuss the current state of [[Linkon]]. Simone criticizes Ever for being too bold in their world-changing claims, but Andrew says they have the credentials to back it up. They recap the [[Prototist]] vs [[Purist]] debate, including how the [[The Fountain of Atei]] has reignited the [[Purist]]s' attacks against [[Protocore]] technology, including attacks against Hunters by extremists. Still, Andrew agrees with a healthy respect for the unknown, mentioning that only 10% of a [[Protocore]]'s potential has been explored so far.

We get this summary:
> At their core, the [[Prototist]]s and [[Purist]]s represent two opposing viewpoints: support for the development of Protocore technology and the opposition to it.
> The Purists believe that although Protocores are powerful, they're dangerous. There are too many unknowns, and overzealous research can lead to a catastrophic crisis.
> In earlier years, they urged humanity not to be blinded by profit. They argued that using Earth's natural energy resources was the only way to ensure civilization survived in a stable condition.

The car then passes through a tunnel, which is the last high-risk area before the secure vault at the end of the road.

[[Andrew]] reports normal [[Metaflux]] readings, but [[MC]] feels a surge with her [[Resonance Evol]].
> At that moment, a truck wreathed in flames and crackling with powerful [[Metaflux]] comes barreling toward us from behind. It's going at full speed.

It rams the transport vehicle and causes an explosion. MC calls for backup, then a second explosion occurs:

> *Before we can find our footing, there's another explosion. We're sent flying through the air.*
> *Protocore particles drift around the overturned transport vehicle. Through my blurred vision, I see several distorted figures emerging from the flames.*
> ?? (([[Gaia Researcher]])): Go. You're free—
* ((It's not clear who she's talking to. It could be MC, it could be the [[Spatium Core]], or something else we don't yet know about.))
> *The unfamiliar voice is masked by the crackling flames. My ears are still ringing, and I can't tell if what I'm hearing is real or just in my head.*
> ??: It's a shame we're seeing each other again when you're in such a pitiful state. Did Josephine (([[Grandma]])) ever mention our time together at the [[Gaia Research Center]]? 
> MC: Who... are you...?!
> ??: I guess not.
> *Excruciating pain tears through my entire body as my heart begins to tremble uncontrollably.*
> ??: Who I am doesn't matter. The real question is... Who are you?
> *She suddenly grabs my throat, and a sharp pain pierces my neck. It's like a thousand needles just stabbed me.*
> *I feel like I'm suffocating as I lose control of my limbs. My heart pounds violently while a chaotic force stirs within my body.*
> *Blood trickles down my forehead. Through my crimson-tinted vision, I see the container holding the Spatium Core roll into view.*
> ??: You were born in the depths of [[Deepspace]]. You were supposed to be ours, a one-of-a-kind, precious creation.
> ??: Without the key, [[The Fountain of Atei]] will only remain a poor imitation. 
> *Dazed, I hear something faintly crack. Suddenly, an unprecedented power surges through my veins and bursts forth with brilliant light.*
> ??: The key belongs to no one else. You are the one who holds all of its secrets.

[[Simone]] and [[MC]] spend two days in the hospital. Afterwards, they're ordered to remain on leave until they've fully recovered--[[Jenna]] soon reveals this is because she, the Association President, and others believe there's a [[high-ranking mole in the Association]]. So, MC and Simone need to lay low.

Jenna doesn't mention the [[Spatium Core]] but indicates MC should remain patient.

> Chaotic energy courses through my blood. The burning sensation in my chest is more intense than the pain from my injuries.
> Unable to sleep, I toss and turn. Then, I finally sit up and turn on the bedside lamp.
> My heartbeat is faster than usual. I gently press my hands against my chest and rest my head on my knees.
> MC: (I can't believe I ended up absorbing the [[Spatium Core]]... Why me?)
> Another sharp pain strikes my chest as several strange energy streams are torn apart. They proceed to merge together and create an endless, restless turbulence.

MC reflects on the connections to [[Josephine's notes]] and her past. She decides she needs to find the remains of the [[Gaia Research Center]] to try to find the [[Gaia key]]. Once she's fully recovered, she tells [[Jenna]] her plan.

The scene changes to the [[Arctic]], where the [[Fractal Library]] has appeared.
> Amidst the snow-covered mountains stands a building of precise geometric perfection: the Fractal Library. It was erected at an unknown time.

> [[White-Haired Boy]]: It's time to collect what's due from the [[seven-year promise]], [[Shiqi]]. We need to pay the [[Emissary]] a visit.

The boy's dialogue reveals that he met [[Zayne]] while he was still a student. Due to [[Shiqi]]'s enthusiasm for the snow, the boy leaves the [[Fractal Library]] without his [[Accessus Bracelet]] from the [[Emissary]].

Inside his traveling bag is the [[Book of Answers]] which tells him that he's in the [[Arctic]] and gives him directions to [[Linkon]], which is 8,000 km away. ((4970.97 miles))

He begins his journey on foot.