# Summary
MC falls asleep for three days and wakes under the watchful eye of [[Sylus]] as the [[Zoion Hunt]] overtime is just wrapping up. [[Sylus]] reveals that [[Luke and Kieran]] have retrieved the coveted [[Gaia key]] with [[Mephisto]]'s help.

MC and Sylus talk about her memories while she was asleep, including the [[interstellar arena]]. MC reveals more details, notably that they were the last two standing in the arena, and it was expected one would kill the other. Instead, they escaped.

MC expresses anxiety about her internal power and the [[Aether Core]]s and that she might destroy everything as [[Dimitri]] was afraid of. [[Sylus]] assures her, offering to teach her how to get used to wielding devastating power--by playing more of the video game he was playing with [[Luke and Kieran]] at the start of [[05-01 Absurdity Unfolds]]. 

← [[05-02.04 Dust of Memories]] | [[05-02.06 Battle - Lingering Echo]] →
## Commentary
### Interstellar Arena
Refer to [[interstellar arena]] for the bulk of the discussion. This chapter reveals some additional key details about the arena, specifically that MC and Sylus were the last two and therefore one as destined to kill the other (compare to the curse in [[Beyond Cloudfall]]).

# Details
> *In the timeless [[N109 Zone]], I fall into a deep, dreamless slumber. When I finally open my eyes again, it takes me a while to reorient myself.*
> *I stare at the intricate patterns on the ceiling for a long time before a single fact slowly dawns on me: I'm alive*
> MC: ...
> *As if a switch has been flipped, I finally become aware of my surroundings. Outside, the distant roar of gunfire and artillery resound while music plays nearby.*
> MC: Didn't the [[Zoion Hunt]] end?
> Mephisto: Caw.
> MC: Mephie? What are you...
> I sit up and look around. [[Mephisto]] is perched on the bedside table. He bobs his head under Sylus's finger like a chick pecking at grain.
> MC: Why are you here?
> Sylus: Shouldn't you be asking that to the person who carelessly fell asleep?
> MC: Oh...
> *I raise my hand but don't see the familiar linkage. Massaging my temples, I realize my distant memories have started to blur with reality.*
> MC: How long was I out? Don't tell me it's been four or five days.
> Sylus: You would've starved to death in that case.
> *Sylus is lounging in a small armchair next to the bed. He's looking out the window.*
> *Several gemstones, three wine glasses, and a marker are scattered across the nearby side cabinet, small table, and floor.*
> Sylus: It's morning. And more importantly, it's been three days since the Zoion Hunt ended. Overtime is almost over.
> *A terrifying explosion resounds in the distance. Seconds later, the windows rattle from the shockwave.*
> MC: The arena is in ruins. Why would anyone still fight to be its owner?
> Sylus: For certain people, that place still has important stuff. And with Dimitri out of the way, their battle will be more ruthless.
> *Sylus's gaze is still focused on what's happening outside, his hair swaying because of the shockwaves. He maintains an aloof attitude.*
> *Curious about what he's looking at, I get out of bed and approach the window. But I can't even make it there before settling into the small armchair. I nudge Sylus so he can make room.*
> MC: What's going on? My whole body feels weak. It's like l've been thrown into space and had to orbit Earth three times. You didn't hit me while I was asleep, right?
> Sylus: Between the two of us, you'd be the one to do that.
> MC: ...Did I hit you while I was sleeping?
> *Sylus holds up two fingers and glances at my right hand.*
> Sylus: Twice.
> MC: ...l had no idea. I was dreaming the entire time. Maybe I got too excited.
> *Sylus finally turns to face me. He gently takes my wrist and gives it a light shake.*
> Sylus: Are you well-rested now?
> MC: More or less.
> Sylus: Let's go, then.
> *Mephisto takes this chance to sneak away, snatch an empty wine glass, and fly out the window.*
> *Sylus stands and stretches before picking me up.*
> Sylus: Time to eat.
> *It isn't until Sylus makes me sit at the dining table that I realize just how hungry I am. I devour everything in sight until I'm stuffed.*
> *Strength gradually returns to my weary limbs, and I start to feel clearheaded.*
> *I slowly finish the last of my juice. Then I carefully nudge Sylus's leg under the table to let him know I have a question.*

> Sylus: I see you're disregarding table manners, kitten.
> MC: I was worse during our first meal together. Isn't it a little late to start worrying about etiquette?
> *Something cries out near the window. Mephisto, who had been absent during the meal, taps on the glass and squeezes through the gap. He drops a dark-colored object into my hands.*
> MC: What is this...? A flash drive?
> Sylus: A biometric key from the [[Gaia Research Center]].
> *I tighten my grip on it.*
* (([[Gaia key]]))

> MC:  Then what are those people really fighting over?
> *Sylus pauses as he holds his drink. It's as if he's unsure about how to respond.*
> Sylus: We'll talk when you're more sober.
> MC: ... You're also one of the contestants doing overtime? When did you—
> Sylus: Luke and Kieran are more than capable of dealing with those fools.
> *The key shows signs of age, and someone has scratched off its identification number. It's impossible to tell which researcher served as its original owner.*
> *Possessing the key means having authority over the abandoned Gaia Research Center, even though it's nothing but ruins now.*
> *A wisp of black-red mist creeps up the back of my hand, forces its way between my fingers, and tries to take the key away*.
> MC: Sylus?
> Sylus: That's my trophy. Give it back.
> MC: ...You're just letting me look at it?
> *Sylus stretches his long legs to push his chair. He leans back against it as he uses his index finger to guide the mist. It's still pulling on the key.*
> *Dismissing the idea of letting go, I clutch the key with both hands and lunge toward him like a sparrow drawn to a grain of rice.*
> Sylus: Your theft techniques are getting sloppier by the day. Are you going to headbutt me to death before you loot my body?
> Sylus: Sit.
> *Sylus has me rest against him. And when he sees me still holding the key with both hands, he laughs.*
> Sylus: You're a persistent thief.
> *Since you've already shown it to me, I can borrow it at some point, right? You're very generous.*
> Sylus: You had a nice meal and are on your way to a full recovery. Yet the first thing you do is come up with a plan to steal my stuff?
> MC: I'm not doing that.
> MC: I wanted to ask you something ever since I woke up. But you kept steering the conversation in another direction.
> Sylus: Hmm?
> MC: I "saw" us fighting [[Wanderer]]s in some kind of [[interstellar arena]]. Do you know anything about that
> Sylus: ...What else did you see?
> *My gaze drifts from my hands to his shoulder and then to the light-reflected from the wine-dancing on the wall. I continue in a softer voice.*
> MC: We fought countless [[Wanderer]]s and monsters that looked like modified humans. Then we were the only ones left in the arena... The crowd went wild and screamed for us to fight each other to the death. It doesn't matter where you are in the cosmos. Every gladiatorial arena created by intelligent life abides by the same rule: There can only be one victor. So...
> Sylus: Either I kill you, or you kill me.
> *I sit up straight and touch the corner of his eye. I'm searching for that hidden color in his right eye.*

> MC: But when we faced each other, you didn't attack. Instead, you took my hand and asked if I wanted to escape together. That nebula was more chaotic than an abyss. I didn't see how it ended...
* ((Note the reference to an abyss, in keeping with the themes of [[Sylus - Abysm Sovereign]]))

> MC: Did we manage to escape?
> Sylus: What do you think?
> *He brings his empty wine glass closer and presses its cool surface against my forehead.*
> Sylus: If we hadn't, then who exactly are you looking at right now?
> MC: We're pretty special, huh.
> Sylus: Speaking of which, you never doubted yourself. Or worried about my capabilities for that matter.
> MC: Then you went through hell and back, barely escaped with your life, and arrived in the [[N109 Zone]] before it fell?
> Sylus: More or less. Have you ever considered that me landing in the N109 Zone wasn't a coincidence?
> MC: ...It's because of the Gaia Research Center? I found some documents in the corridor of the old facility. The Unicorn research team... Or rather, the [[Gaia Research Center]] as a whole was attempting to establish contact with [[Deepspace]]. The Unicorn researchers wanted to recreate a powerful cosmic energy source, which exists within me as an [[Aether Core]].
> Sylus: Do you believe what [[Dimitri]] said?

Dialogue options:
* I believe him.
	* I believe him. Dimitri's words correlate with the data we have. He wasn't pretending. Strip away the outlandish claims, and his message is actually quite simple. I possess destructive power.
* I don't believe him.
* Not all of it.

> Trying to keep my thoughts from dwelling on Dimitri's fanatical declarations, I turn Sylus's glass in my hands.

> MC: Something weird happened in the collision chamber. I was about to lose consciousness. This planet, the starry sea above us, and the depths of [[Deepspace]] that are invisible to the naked eye... They all seem to have some kind of force that resonates with me. Were those things [[Aether Core]]s? Or something else...?
> *Now when I think about the [[Deepspace Tunnel ]]in the sky, I feel like l've gained an understanding that goes beyond what's currently known about it.*
> *It's not the source of all disasters. It's a bridge, connecting us to... civilizations more superior than humanity's.*
> MC: Maybe Dimitri wasn't lying. It's possible I have the power to destroy everything.
> *My thoughts travel through that darkness in the collision chamber and how I sank into an overwhelming strength. It's strong enough to erase an entire planet.*
> *What lies dormant inside me is powerful and uncontrollable.*
> *Suddenly, a hand grasps my chin. My gaze lands on Sylus's disinterested expression.*
> Sylus: When I pulled you out of the giant glass tank... You looked like you were in so much pain that you wanted to die. If it really hurts, then stop. Don't force yourself. ...And don't ever make that face again while you're at it.
> *I look directly into his right eye. The mesmerizing Aether Core within it remains tranquil, and my racing thoughts slowly calm down.*
> MC: You can always pull me back, right? Just like before. Whoosh.
> Sylus: `(laugh/scoff)`
> MC: Are you mad? I didn't do anything.
> *As I look up at him expectantly, Sylus stays silent for a moment. Then he appears interested. Grabbing my hand, he leads me outside.*
> Sylus: No, but you slept for too long. I'm bored. 
> MC: So where are you dragging me off to? Do you want to have some fun?
> Sylus: I'll help you get used to wielding devastating power. that way you'll be a bomb who doesn't always think about self-destruction.
> MC: ?
> *We enter a familiar, dimly lit room. Sylus helps me into the egg-shaped gaming pod. He puts the hologram helmet over my head.*
> *As the pod slowly closes, my body tenses. Sylus taps on the glass. Although I can't hear anything outside, I read his lips.*
> Sylus: Now come. Conquer everything in your path... starting with me.