# Summary


← [[05-02.06 Battle - Lingering Echo]] | next →
## Commentary

# Details

> After matching wits with [[Sylus]] for 47 rounds, my heavy eyelids forced me to be the one to call it quits first. 
> I slept so deeply that when I woke up, I found myself in my own bed. I had been moved there and didn't even stir once.
> MC: (Was I really that exhausted? Or do I trust him too much...)
> I massage my throbbing temples as I recall the information I received during our break last night.
> Sylus's curiosity was piqued by these mysterious [[antimatter weapon]]s, and he decided to investigate their origin.
> [[Luke and Kieran]] were equally thrilled. They rubbed their hands together as if to say, "We finally have something fun to do!"
> Given the usual efficacy of Onychinus's leader, that mysterious hunter will soon cross paths with an odd little group consisting of a boss-man, two troublemakers, and their crow.
> As for the key (([[Gaia key]])) found in the ruins of the [[Gaia Research Center]]... Will it unlock the secrets of a hidden past or take me down another path that leads into an unknowable future?
> Either way, it's what I have to investigate next.
> I look around the room to find every curtain has been drawn shut with great precision. Not even the smallest sliver of light can get in.
> MC: (My place got turned into a cave basically. And only he'd do that.)
> *I walk to the window. As soon as I pull back the curtains, blinding light floods my vision.*
> *As far as the eye can see, a cold radiance has engulfed the city. A blanket of snow covers every building.*
> MC: It's snowing in [[Linkon]]?

One week later.

> For a while, l've been investigating my past and uncovering [[EVER]]'s secrets.
> And now this ever-changing, precarious world seems to face an unprecedented crisis.
> [[Protofield]] disturbances, climate anomalies... Some say Earth's climate system has broken down, and a disaster comparable to the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]] is imminent.
> Others claim Earth is on the verge of collapse. All tectonic plates will shatter, and thus human civilization will end.
> Yet among all these discussions about "the end of the world," "Earth's collapse," and "civilization's downfall," what actually descends upon Linkon City is...
> A silent snowfall that transforms the city into a pure white expanse over night.

> MC: ([[Backtrackers]], [[Lemuria]]... Everything is starting to make sense now. But what about the life on a higher plane of existence... The [[Emissary]] Of The Divine?)
* ((This is calling back to the sections of the [[Gaia Research Center]] that MC noted in [[05-02.01 Welcome Back]].))

Tara greets MC, showing concern. MC reflects that only [[Jenna]] knows that MC went to the [[Gaia Research Center]] in the [[N109 Zone]], so she has to keep this from Tara. She says, "I'm fine. You could say I went back home." Then, she asks if Tara knows anything about the "[[Emissary]] of the Divine".

MC muses,
> Among all the rampant doomsday theories, the concept of "being watched by civilizations with higher dimensional beings" is actually the easiest to understand.

Nero chimes in that finding such an entity would be harder than finding aliens, and notes a key detail:
> And if those higher dimensional lifeforms aren't saying anything, well... even an [[Emissary]] might not know they're one.

Tara helpfully chimes in that she's heard the next mass extinction is approaching. Nero dismisses this as [[Prototist]] propaganda pushing for more development of [[Protocore]] tech.

Tara's comment is prescient:
> Tara: Not necessarily. In this vast, endless universe, who knows how many civilizations are locked in battle. Our Earth might be the only surviving blue dot among them all.

MC reflects: 
> Maybe [[EVER]] thinks our civilization is already approaching the limits of biological evolution.
> Pursuing the transcendence of evolution to counter this supposed crisis... That must be their true objective.

> Tara: As a side note, I heard there were strange omens before the 2034 [[Chronorift Catastrophe]]. A polar night was present for three consecutive days...
* The 3-day polar night is also noted in [[WU-04 From The Stars]]
> Tara: Regardless of whether Earth falls apart or the world ends... As long as the subway runs and Wanderers exist—We need to fulfill our duties as Hunters and protect this city.