Main Story/05-01.05 Join the Game.md, before:

# Summary
[[MC]] discusses her plan with [[Sylus]] and learns that the [[Charon Arena]] will be destroyed by the "vultures" waiting to pounce after the [[Zoion Hunt]], now that [[Dimitri]] is older and his power is diminishing. (It's implied that Sylus himself is one of the "vultures".) So, she needs to go find the [[Gaia Research Center]] while the game is still happening.

MC asks Sylus to join the game with her--but he declines, citing a planned meeting with [[Ever]]. He invites her to join him, and when she does, [[Ever android]]s are there with [[antimatter weapon]]s. MC finds her [[270HM]] nearby and helps [[Sylus]] flee. The attackers give chase, and MC decides that the best way to shake them is to charge right into [[Charon]] and join the [[Zoion Hunt]]. Their pursuers stop short as hoped, and MC and Sylus officially join the games.

← [[05-01.04 The Match]] | [[05-01.06 Hunting Moment]] →
## Commentary

# Details
[[MC]] and [[Sylus]] discuss the current top-ranking contestant of the [[Zoion Hunt]], who's kept the spot since last night. MC wonders whether the "coin" from [[Dimitri]] is worth it, but Sylus says less than a third of contestants care about that:

> Sylus: In the N109 Zone, what matters more is the desire to hunt, the thirst for bloodshed, the craving for domination... Or a means to prove one's loyalty.

That top ranking contestant then dies and is removed from the leaderboard.

MC asks how long the hunt will take, intending to seek out the [[Gaia Research Center]] when it's concluded. [[Sylus]] reveals that the first stage is almost over and the finals will take two days--but after that, the "vultures" will host and "overtime match" and destroy the arena, claiming the territory from the aging and weakening [[Dimitri]]. So, MC's only chance to find the [[Gaia Research Center]] is to participate in the game.

((Later, MC correctly guesses that Sylus planned to swoop in during the finals anyway. This implies that he's counting himself among the "vultures" ready to pounce on [[Dimitri]].))

Sylus senses that MC is about to ask for her help.

> Sylus: Don't even think about it, kitten.
> MC: You've been watching the hunt unfold from the sidelines. Don't tell me you haven't been plotting something.
> Sylus: Are you implying you're the one who has all the schemes?
> *Pretending to threaten him, I playfully pin him down on the sofa.*
> MC: You said you don't mind me using you. And right now, I really want to use you so I can get into the arena. It's not like you'll lose if you join. It's a win-win situation, right?
> Sylus: If you want to drag me into this, flattery and tricks won't be enough. I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you, kitten. I have guests to meet, so I can't join you in your gladiator game
* ((Notably, Sylus doesn't seem surprised when MC drags him into it later, so he seems to expect that outcome even here.))

> *There's a knock at the door. Luke and Kieran, who had left the gaming pods, have returned. Their voices come through from the other side.*
> Kieran: Boss, our people just delivered their report. We've taken care of all the goods [[EVER]] brought this time.
> [[Sylus]]: Leave a few alive. There's no need to be too thorough.
> Kieran: Yes, sir.
> Luke: There are a few troublemakers in the area, Boss. Can we—
> Sylus: Do as you please.
> Luke: Thank you, Boss!
> MC: ...Your guests are from EVER?
> Sylus: They came all the way here, saying they have a profitable deal to discuss. How could I not play the role of a gracious host?
> MC: You're planning to take them all down?
> Sylus: Is it a bad idea?
> MC: It's great, actually.
> Sylus: `(chuckles)`
> *With one graceful stride, he helps me stand, grabs my shoulders, and turns me around.*
> Sylus: Come. It's not like you're busy. Let's see what kind of presents they've prepared.

Together, they head to ruins thick with chaotic energy [[fluctuation]]s. MC notices the remains of "welcome gifts"--the shattered bottle of hundred-year-old wine, empty jewelry boxes.
* (("Welcome gifts" implies these would be from Sylus to [[Ever]], but the comment about pretense below would seem to indicate they're from Ever to Sylus. It's not clear to me why they're already destroyed, except that the chaos of the [[Zoion Hunt]] got to the Ever reps.))

> Sylus: They know I won't show up, yet they're still playing a game of pretense. Would you like to guess the reason, kitten?

> MC: Either EVER is confident enough to think you'll accept their deal... Or... the deal is just a front. They're hiding something that can be used against you.
> Sylus: That's why I won't sit around waiting for them to make their move. People only show their hand when they're backed into a corner and desperate to survive. \[...] I prefer a direct, efficient approach.

MC notices erratic energy signals, though nothing that could pose a threat. Then a wall suddenly collapses, and armed figures emerge in a deliberate formation. ((These are noted as mechanical here, and later revealed to be androids. See also [[Ever android]].))

Thin blue beams lock into them, firing several times. Sylus shields him and MC with his mist, which are revealed to be [[antimatter weapon]]s when they are able to disperse his mist. Notably, an injury on his neck doesn't heal right away.

MC spots her [[270HM]] nearby, which she crashed in [[05-01.02 Charon]]. It's apparently still intact enough to work, and so she climbs aboard.
* ((While this could just be convenient writing, it also implies that [[Dimitri]] was hanging around where the [[Ever]] reps planned to meet [[Sylus]] and unexpectedly happened across [[MC]] at that time, which would align well with his connections and motives.))
* ((There's perhaps a small continuity error here, as MC soon says they'll reach Charon in two blocks, but her bike originally wrecked directly near the boundary. It's easy enough to say that they needed to go a different direction to avoid the antimatter weapons, though.))

As Sylus dodges additional blasts, MC gets her bike and picks him up, racing away with him at full throttle. Sylus uses a [[Protocore weapon]] to shoot back at them.

> MC: Are those really antimatter weapons? Sylus, were they specifically designed to take you down?
> Sylus: They're just cheap knockoffs, kitten. Keep your eyes on the road. Besides... 
> *A group of shadowy figures closing in behind us fall as Sylus's Evol strikes them down.*
> Sylus: I'm not alone. I have you.

Some of their pursuers get motorcycles and give chase, and MC dodges. She notes no energy [[fluctuation]]s from them (as she sensed with the [[human-like Wanderer]]s) and notes their movements are "mechanical and rigid" which foreshadows that they're androids.

MC warns that they're only two blocks from the boundary of [[Charon]]'s killing zone.

> *The boundary of the killing zone is ahead. The last untainted street marks the line between sanctuary and hell.*
* ((This is another line evocative of the River Styx.))

Remembering how the rules of the [[Zoion Hunt]] work, MC comes up with a plan, and she surges into the killing zone with [[Sylus]], forcing him to come help her get to the [[Gaia Research Center]]. The pursuers stop short, as hoped. The motorcycle gives out.

> MC: Uh-oh... We ended up here after all. Oops... But at least I helped you shake off those pursuers!
> Sylus: I might have believed it was an accident if you didn't sound so enthusiastic.

The crowd cheers to see Sylus in the fight.

> Sylus: You got what you wanted. There's no turning back now.
> MC: I just helped you out. It's time for you to return the favor. Go underground with me. We need to check and see if the old [[Gaia Research Center]] is really there.
> Sylus: A life debt is impossible to repay. But since you asked so nicely, kitten... Do I even have a choice?
* ((He's implying here that she saved his life, though it's unclear if he's being sincere or teasing her for being so proud of herself for helping him.))
> *With Sylus's laughter still in the air, I navigate through the alley's debris and barricades and make my way toward the Charon Arena.*
> MC: Wait a minute... I'm starting to think you were planning to swoop in during the finals and catch everyone in your trap.
> Sylus: I would never do such a thing. I'm not nearly as clever as you are.
* ((This is as good as a signed confession from Sylus. It also indicates that he was counting himself among the "vultures" ready to descend on [[Dimitri]].))

Commit message:

Add Sylus's arc of Death and Rebirth and key Sylus memories/themes
Giant chaos commit because I went down some rabbit holes of Sylus lore.

Main Story/05-01.05 Join the Game.md, after:

# Summary
[[MC]] discusses her plan with [[Sylus]] and learns that the [[Charon Arena]] will be destroyed by the "vultures" waiting to pounce after the [[Zoion Hunt]], now that [[Dimitri]] is older and his power is diminishing. (It's implied that Sylus himself is one of the "vultures".) So, she needs to go find the [[Gaia Research Center]] while the game is still happening.

MC asks Sylus to join the game with her--but he declines, citing a planned meeting with [[Ever]]. He invites her to join him, and when she does, [[Ever android]]s are there with [[antimatter weapon]]s. MC finds her [[270HM]] nearby and helps [[Sylus]] flee. The attackers give chase, and MC decides that the best way to shake them is to charge right into [[Charon]] and join the [[Zoion Hunt]]. Their pursuers stop short as hoped, and MC and Sylus officially join the games.

← [[05-01.04 The Match]] | [[05-01.06 Hunting Moment]] →
## Commentary

### The "vultures" waiting for Dimitri
Sylus speaks indirectly about "vultures" waiting to pounce on Dimitri after the [[Zoion Hunt]]. It's heavily implied within this chapter and later that Sylus counts himself among these "vultures" in that he has plans for the [[Zoion Hunt]] now that [[Dimitri]]'s influence is lessened. We get a hint at the end of this chapter that he was waiting to swoop in during the finals.

### Ever and Sylus
[[Ever]] wouldn't have any way to know that [[Sylus]] already got the truth of their involvement out of [[Sherman]], so they expect him to be open to meeting. [[Sylus]] of course intents to use the opportunity to launch a counter-ambush. The [[antimatter weapon]]s make clear [[Ever]]'s true intentions and provide an interesting surprise.

Since [[02 Long Awaited Revelry]] and prior to that, [[Ever]] has been trying to get [[Sylus]] out of the way. Though it's never explicitly stated, since [[Professor Lucius]] was confirmed to be involved with the [[modified Protocore]]s, it's likely that he personally has a bone to pick with [[Sylus]]'s meddling.

# Details
[[MC]] and [[Sylus]] discuss the current top-ranking contestant of the [[Zoion Hunt]], who's kept the spot since last night. MC wonders whether the "coin" from [[Dimitri]] is worth it, but Sylus says less than a third of contestants care about that:

> Sylus: In the N109 Zone, what matters more is the desire to hunt, the thirst for bloodshed, the craving for domination... Or a means to prove one's loyalty.

That top ranking contestant then dies and is removed from the leaderboard.

MC asks how long the hunt will take, intending to seek out the [[Gaia Research Center]] when it's concluded. [[Sylus]] reveals that the first stage is almost over and the finals will take two days--but after that, the "vultures" will host and "overtime match" and destroy the arena, claiming the territory from the aging and weakening [[Dimitri]]. So, MC's only chance to find the [[Gaia Research Center]] is to participate in the game.

((Later, MC correctly guesses that Sylus planned to swoop in during the finals anyway. This implies that he's counting himself among the "vultures" ready to pounce on [[Dimitri]].))

Sylus senses that MC is about to ask for her help.

> Sylus: Don't even think about it, kitten.
> MC: You've been watching the hunt unfold from the sidelines. Don't tell me you haven't been plotting something.
> Sylus: Are you implying you're the one who has all the schemes?
> *Pretending to threaten him, I playfully pin him down on the sofa.*
> MC: You said you don't mind me using you. And right now, I really want to use you so I can get into the arena. It's not like you'll lose if you join. It's a win-win situation, right?
> Sylus: If you want to drag me into this, flattery and tricks won't be enough. I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you, kitten. I have guests to meet, so I can't join you in your gladiator game
* ((Notably, Sylus doesn't seem surprised when MC drags him into it later, so he seems to expect that outcome even here.))

> *There's a knock at the door. Luke and Kieran, who had left the gaming pods, have returned. Their voices come through from the other side.*
> Kieran: Boss, our people just delivered their report. We've taken care of all the goods [[EVER]] brought this time.
> [[Sylus]]: Leave a few alive. There's no need to be too thorough.
> Kieran: Yes, sir.
> Luke: There are a few troublemakers in the area, Boss. Can we—
> Sylus: Do as you please.
> Luke: Thank you, Boss!
> MC: ...Your guests are from EVER?
> Sylus: They came all the way here, saying they have a profitable deal to discuss. How could I not play the role of a gracious host?
> MC: You're planning to take them all down?
> Sylus: Is it a bad idea?
> MC: It's great, actually.
> Sylus: `(chuckles)`
> *With one graceful stride, he helps me stand, grabs my shoulders, and turns me around.*
> Sylus: Come. It's not like you're busy. Let's see what kind of presents they've prepared.

Together, they head to ruins thick with chaotic energy [[fluctuation]]s. MC notices the remains of "welcome gifts"--the shattered bottle of hundred-year-old wine, empty jewelry boxes.
* (("Welcome gifts" implies these would be from Sylus to [[Ever]], but the comment about pretense below would seem to indicate they're from Ever to Sylus. It's not clear to me why they're already destroyed, except that the chaos of the [[Zoion Hunt]] got to the Ever reps.))

> Sylus: They know I won't show up, yet they're still playing a game of pretense. Would you like to guess the reason, kitten?

> MC: Either EVER is confident enough to think you'll accept their deal... Or... the deal is just a front. They're hiding something that can be used against you.
> Sylus: That's why I won't sit around waiting for them to make their move. People only show their hand when they're backed into a corner and desperate to survive. \[...] I prefer a direct, efficient approach.

MC notices erratic energy signals, though nothing that could pose a threat. Then a wall suddenly collapses, and armed figures emerge in a deliberate formation. ((These are noted as mechanical here, and later revealed to be androids. See also [[Ever android]].))

Thin blue beams lock into them, firing several times. Sylus shields him and MC with his mist, which are revealed to be [[antimatter weapon]]s when they are able to disperse his mist. Notably, an injury on his neck doesn't heal right away.

MC spots her [[270HM]] nearby, which she crashed in [[05-01.02 Charon]]. It's apparently still intact enough to work, and so she climbs aboard.
* ((While this could just be convenient writing, it also implies that [[Dimitri]] was hanging around where the [[Ever]] reps planned to meet [[Sylus]] and unexpectedly happened across [[MC]] at that time, which would align well with his connections and motives.))
* ((There's perhaps a small continuity error here, as MC soon says they'll reach Charon in two blocks, but her bike originally wrecked directly near the boundary. It's easy enough to say that they needed to go a different direction to avoid the antimatter weapons, though.))

As Sylus dodges additional blasts, MC gets her bike and picks him up, racing away with him at full throttle. Sylus uses a [[Protocore weapon]] to shoot back at them.

> MC: Are those really antimatter weapons? Sylus, were they specifically designed to take you down?
> Sylus: They're just cheap knockoffs, kitten. Keep your eyes on the road. Besides... 
> *A group of shadowy figures closing in behind us fall as Sylus's Evol strikes them down.*
> Sylus: I'm not alone. I have you.

Some of their pursuers get motorcycles and give chase, and MC dodges. She notes no energy [[fluctuation]]s from them (as she sensed with the [[human-like Wanderer]]s) and notes their movements are "mechanical and rigid" which foreshadows that they're androids.

MC warns that they're only two blocks from the boundary of [[Charon]]'s killing zone.

> *The boundary of the killing zone is ahead. The last untainted street marks the line between sanctuary and hell.*
* ((This is another line evocative of the River Styx.))

Remembering how the rules of the [[Zoion Hunt]] work, MC comes up with a plan, and she surges into the killing zone with [[Sylus]], forcing him to come help her get to the [[Gaia Research Center]]. The pursuers stop short, as hoped. The motorcycle gives out.

> MC: Uh-oh... We ended up here after all. Oops... But at least I helped you shake off those pursuers!
> Sylus: I might have believed it was an accident if you didn't sound so enthusiastic.

The crowd cheers to see Sylus in the fight.

> Sylus: You got what you wanted. There's no turning back now.
> MC: I just helped you out. It's time for you to return the favor. Go underground with me. We need to check and see if the old [[Gaia Research Center]] is really there.
> Sylus: A life debt is impossible to repay. But since you asked so nicely, kitten... Do I even have a choice?
* ((He's implying here that she saved his life, though it's unclear if he's being sincere or teasing her for being so proud of herself for helping him.))
> *With Sylus's laughter still in the air, I navigate through the alley's debris and barricades and make my way toward the Charon Arena.*
> MC: Wait a minute... I'm starting to think you were planning to swoop in during the finals and catch everyone in your trap.
> Sylus: I would never do such a thing. I'm not nearly as clever as you are.
* ((This is as good as a signed confession from Sylus. It also indicates that he was counting himself among the "vultures" ready to descend on [[Dimitri]].))
