Main Story/WU-04 From The Stars.md, before:

# Overview
Relevant LI: [[Xavier]]
Main POV character: [[Jeremiah]], [[Xavier]]
Cover image: [[Traceback II]] wreckage

[[Jeremiah]] and [[Xavier]] reflect on the [[Backtrackers]] mission, and experience the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]]

## Summary
In summer of 2033, [[Jeremiah]] is the latest of the [[Backtrackers]] to be tempted by a mundane, peaceful life. He's keen on settling down with [[Bella]], the daughter of a bakery owner. Meanwhile, [[Xavier]] continues to try to fix the [[Traceback II]], as he's been doing for over two hundred years.

A year later, the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]] occurs. [[Bella]] dies in the disaster, while [[Xavier]] finds [[MC]] and saves her from a [[Wanderer]]. Six months later, rebuilding has begun, and Jan 1st 2035 sees the creation of the [[Hunters Association]].

Two years after that, [[Jeremiah]] has started a flower shop, [[Philo]], where [[Bella]]'s cake shop had been. [[Xavier]] happens by, giving [[Jeremiah]] a chance to rejoin his old captain. Now that humanity has figured out [[Protocore]] Energy, they have a chance of repairing the [[Traceback II]].

# 01 Sweeties
> 2033. Summer.

At [[Sweeties Cake Shop]], [[Jeremiah]] flirts with the owner's daughter, [[Bella]], while buying a cake. When he leaves, [[Xavier]] is waiting outside, and comments that he thought [[Jeremiah]] couldn't get used to Earth food--[[Jeremiah]] confesses the cake is just for "displaying purposes", then asks [[Xavier]] to teach him some of the Earth recipes he's been learning.

# 02 Home
[[Xavier]] accompanies [[Jeremiah]] while he tries to cozy up the house he just started renting a week ago with piles of flowers. [[Bella]] especially loves marigolds. [[Xavier]] is impassive as usual, though he does give [[Jeremiah]] some veiled romance advice. They try to work out if the cheesy rice [[Jeremiah]] made is any good.

> Even after coming with the [[Backtrackers]] to this place over two hundred years ago, he still can't fully understand the diverse tastes of Earthlings.

[[Jeremiah]] mentions that [[Isaiah]] was trying to find them before, and [[Bella]] covered for them. He insists that Bella is just a friend, since the Philosian's lack of aging means they can't stay in humans' lives for very long. After all, he's got to work on fixing the spaceship's launcher. He protests a bit too much, though.

Xavier abruptly gets up to leave, saying that Jeremiah might as well focus on dating since he hasn't managed to fix the ship in two hundred years. He takes the newly modified accelerator from the table and teleports away.

Jeremiah sighs and returns to the kitchen.

> If someone told him hundreds of years ago, back when the [[Traceback II]] was riddled with holes from an asteroid as they were in cosmic turbulence, he would face the mundane problem of greasy dishes, he would've laughed.

Jeremiah further reflects on how things must be hard for [[Xavier]] as the captain of the [[Traceback II]] team, since he's watched members keep splintering off after all these years. The appeal of mundane life, romance, and companionship is too strong. Even though the team braved great danger in space together, they've now drifted apart. (The [[Backtrackers]] and [[Traceback II]] pages contain additional direct quotes from this chapter.)

# 03 Waterfall Inside Forest
[[Xavier]] heads out to a forest on the city outskirts, where the largest cosmic signal transmission and reception station has been secretly built by [[Linkon]]. ((This description confirms that this location later becomes [[No-Hunt Zone 7]], which is described as a forest with the ruins of a signal station.))

Xavier reflects on how he could teleport to his destination, but he prefers to slow his journey when he passes the signal station. He comments on the chatter of the maintenance staff.

> These faint sounds are as comforting as the cosmic white noise they hard when they traveled through unfamiliar galaxies. His mind wanders back to the seemingly endless journey back when he slept in the hibernation pod.

Deep in the forest, past a dark valley, is Xavier's destination: the crash site of the [[Traceback II]].

Part of the wreckage is below ground. [[Xavier]] installs the accelerator, then heads to the cockpit for diagnostics. He reflects on how the forests in every [[spacetime]] sound and smell the same, and on the philosophical concept that the past, present, and future coexist, but we can only perceive the light from one moment at a time. He wonders about a place in the universe where all time and all outcomes can be perceived at once.

Unfortunately, the new accelerator isn't enough to fix the ship--"It's hopeless without [[Protocore]] Energy."

> He collects his scattered thoughts and opens his eyes to a cascading waterfall of stars in the forest. 
> He raises his hand, as though he wants to catch them. If time really doesn't exist, then within the sea of stars before him... Could he see [[Philos]]? And his and her little planet?

# 04 Catastrophe
"A year passes."
[[Jeremiah]] becomes the latest of the [[Backtrackers]] to commit to a normal life. He still hasn't found a power source for the ship, and he hasn't been able to contact [[Xavier]] due to the [[Backtrackers]]' unspoken rules. He's focused on planning his engagement to [[Bella]].

Then, a "three-day polar night begins."
* ((Technically, a polar night is only possible within the arctic circle. If the time skip is an even year, it's summer again. "Polar night" may be a quirk of translation, and the intended meaning here is simply that the sun wasn't seen for three days.))

On the morning of the 3rd day, [[Jeremiah]] sees a [[Wanderer]].
> It pierces through the skyscrapers of [[Linkon]] City like a meteor, shooting right through the psychological defenses of its citizens. [...] they're mercilessly crushed by a [[Wanderer]] that somehow appeared behind them, becoming a handful of dust.

This is the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]]. Jeremiah runs to [[Sweeties Cake Shop]], but it's already destroyed. He sees a marigold buried under the rubble, but "He doesn't dwell on it for long."
* ((Since we see no further reference to [[Bella]], this marigold in the rubble is meant to symbolize her death. [[Jeremiah]] pushes off his own grief to try to help with the active crisis.))

[[Jeremiah]] realizes he has relevant skills, but has no suitable weapon to crush the [[Wanderer]]'s [[Protocore]] as he did when he was in the [[Order of Lightseekers]].

[[Jeremiah]] and [[Xavier]] reunite briefly to fight together, though [[Xavier]] disappears again after saving [[MC]] from a [[Wanderer]]. ((See the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]] page for more details.))

The catastrophe drags on. On January 1st, 2035, the [[Hunters Association]] is formed, and humanity accepts that they'll have to coexist with [[Wanderer]]s.

[[Azure Square]] has just been rebuilt, and as [[Jeremiah]] watches the announcement, he feels like the [[Traceback II]]'s mission has just begun.

# 05 Philo
Two years later (2037) [[Linkon]] City is not only mostly rebuilt, but they've also figured out [[Protocore]] Energy, meaning the city is almost better off than before.

[[Xavier]] happens upon a flower shop called [[Philo]] built where [[Sweeties Cake Shop]] had been, which is overflowing with marigolds. ((No doubt a tribute/memorial to [[Bella]].)) [[Xavier]] asks about that date he bailed on three years prior. [[Jeremiah]] reveals that [[Bella]] had already figured out he wasn't a normal human, and accepted him anyway. [[Jeremiah]] fidgets with a small ring he wears on a necklace--likely the engagement ring he'd been planning to give [[Bella]] before she died in the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]].

[[Jeremiah]] asks whether [[Xavier]] needs a new identity, but he declines as he notices some [[wavyleaf sea lavenders]]. Jeremiah reflects that part of why he and the other [[Backtrackers]] felt like they could give up the mission was that [[Xavier]] would keep carrying it forward--but that was very unfair to him. On that note, [[Jeremiah]] asks to return to working with [[Xavier]]. Xavier tells him to do what he thinks is right.

That night, [[Xavier]] reflects on how the people [[Linkon]] have quickly returned to their everyday lives, bustling along without looking at the stars. The light pollution has rapidly worsened, so now he can no longer see as many stars as he did in the forest just three years before--that waterfall of stars is his "last memory of his distant homeland."

[[Xavier]] remembers [[Jeremiah]] suggesting he settle down with [[MC]], now that he's found her. He lets himself think that maybe he can settle down this time--someplace he can see the stars.

Commit message:

Add Silvery Polyphony
Fix an incorrect assumption that the Traceback II was in No Hunt Zone 7, incorporating the signal tower referenced in Silvery Polyphony.

Main Story/WU-04 From The Stars.md, after:

# Overview
Relevant LI: [[Xavier]]
Main POV character: [[Jeremiah]], [[Xavier]]
Cover image: [[Traceback II]] wreckage

[[Jeremiah]] and [[Xavier]] reflect on the [[Backtrackers]] mission, and experience the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]]

## Summary
In summer of 2033, [[Jeremiah]] is the latest of the [[Backtrackers]] to be tempted by a mundane, peaceful life. He's keen on settling down with [[Bella]], the daughter of a bakery owner. Meanwhile, [[Xavier]] continues to try to fix the [[Traceback II]], as he's been doing for over two hundred years.

A year later, the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]] occurs. [[Bella]] dies in the disaster, while [[Xavier]] finds [[MC]] and saves her from a [[Wanderer]]. Six months later, rebuilding has begun, and Jan 1st 2035 sees the creation of the [[Hunters Association]].

Two years after that, [[Jeremiah]] has started a flower shop, [[Philo]], where [[Bella]]'s cake shop had been. [[Xavier]] happens by, giving [[Jeremiah]] a chance to rejoin his old captain. Now that humanity has figured out [[Protocore]] Energy, they have a chance of repairing the [[Traceback II]].

# 01 Sweeties
> 2033. Summer.

At [[Sweeties Cake Shop]], [[Jeremiah]] flirts with the owner's daughter, [[Bella]], while buying a cake. When he leaves, [[Xavier]] is waiting outside, and comments that he thought [[Jeremiah]] couldn't get used to Earth food--[[Jeremiah]] confesses the cake is just for "displaying purposes", then asks [[Xavier]] to teach him some of the Earth recipes he's been learning.

# 02 Home
[[Xavier]] accompanies [[Jeremiah]] while he tries to cozy up the house he just started renting a week ago with piles of flowers. [[Bella]] especially loves marigolds. [[Xavier]] is impassive as usual, though he does give [[Jeremiah]] some veiled romance advice. They try to work out if the cheesy rice [[Jeremiah]] made is any good.

> Even after coming with the [[Backtrackers]] to this place over two hundred years ago, he still can't fully understand the diverse tastes of Earthlings.

[[Jeremiah]] mentions that [[Isaiah]] was trying to find them before, and [[Bella]] covered for them. He insists that Bella is just a friend, since the Philosian's lack of aging means they can't stay in humans' lives for very long. After all, he's got to work on fixing the spaceship's launcher. He protests a bit too much, though.

Xavier abruptly gets up to leave, saying that Jeremiah might as well focus on dating since he hasn't managed to fix the ship in two hundred years. He takes the newly modified accelerator from the table and teleports away.

Jeremiah sighs and returns to the kitchen.

> If someone told him hundreds of years ago, back when the [[Traceback II]] was riddled with holes from an asteroid as they were in cosmic turbulence, he would face the mundane problem of greasy dishes, he would've laughed.

Jeremiah further reflects on how things must be hard for [[Xavier]] as the captain of the [[Traceback II]] team, since he's watched members keep splintering off after all these years. The appeal of mundane life, romance, and companionship is too strong. Even though the team braved great danger in space together, they've now drifted apart. (The [[Backtrackers]] and [[Traceback II]] pages contain additional direct quotes from this chapter.)

# 03 Waterfall Inside Forest
[[Xavier]] heads out to a forest on the city outskirts, where the largest cosmic signal transmission and reception station has been secretly built by [[Linkon]]. ((This is most likely [[No-Hunt Zone 19]]. [[Xavier]] and [[MC]] visit an intact signal tower during [[Silvery Polyphony]], and it's clear that [[Xavier]] has been inside that tower before.))

Xavier reflects on how he could teleport to his destination, but he prefers to slow his journey when he passes the signal station. He comments on the chatter of the maintenance staff.

> These faint sounds are as comforting as the cosmic white noise they hard when they traveled through unfamiliar galaxies. His mind wanders back to the seemingly endless journey back when he slept in the hibernation pod.

Deep in the forest, past a dark valley, is Xavier's destination: the crash site of the [[Traceback II]].

Part of the wreckage is below ground. [[Xavier]] installs the accelerator, then heads to the cockpit for diagnostics. He reflects on how the forests in every [[spacetime]] sound and smell the same, and on the philosophical concept that the past, present, and future coexist, but we can only perceive the light from one moment at a time. He wonders about a place in the universe where all time and all outcomes can be perceived at once.

Unfortunately, the new accelerator isn't enough to fix the ship--"It's hopeless without [[Protocore]] Energy."

> He collects his scattered thoughts and opens his eyes to a cascading waterfall of stars in the forest. 
> He raises his hand, as though he wants to catch them. If time really doesn't exist, then within the sea of stars before him... Could he see [[Philos]]? And his and her little planet?

# 04 Catastrophe
"A year passes."
[[Jeremiah]] becomes the latest of the [[Backtrackers]] to commit to a normal life. He still hasn't found a power source for the ship, and he hasn't been able to contact [[Xavier]] due to the [[Backtrackers]]' unspoken rules. He's focused on planning his engagement to [[Bella]].

Then, a "three-day polar night begins."
* ((Technically, a polar night is only possible within the arctic circle. If the time skip is an even year, it's summer again. "Polar night" may be a quirk of translation, and the intended meaning here is simply that the sun wasn't seen for three days.))

On the morning of the 3rd day, [[Jeremiah]] sees a [[Wanderer]].
> It pierces through the skyscrapers of [[Linkon]] City like a meteor, shooting right through the psychological defenses of its citizens. [...] they're mercilessly crushed by a [[Wanderer]] that somehow appeared behind them, becoming a handful of dust.

This is the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]]. Jeremiah runs to [[Sweeties Cake Shop]], but it's already destroyed. He sees a marigold buried under the rubble, but "He doesn't dwell on it for long."
* ((Since we see no further reference to [[Bella]], this marigold in the rubble is meant to symbolize her death. [[Jeremiah]] pushes off his own grief to try to help with the active crisis.))

[[Jeremiah]] realizes he has relevant skills, but has no suitable weapon to crush the [[Wanderer]]'s [[Protocore]] as he did when he was in the [[Order of Lightseekers]].

[[Jeremiah]] and [[Xavier]] reunite briefly to fight together, though [[Xavier]] disappears again after saving [[MC]] from a [[Wanderer]]. ((See the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]] page for more details.))

The catastrophe drags on. On January 1st, 2035, the [[Hunters Association]] is formed, and humanity accepts that they'll have to coexist with [[Wanderer]]s.

[[Azure Square]] has just been rebuilt, and as [[Jeremiah]] watches the announcement, he feels like the [[Traceback II]]'s mission has just begun.

# 05 Philo
Two years later (2037) [[Linkon]] City is not only mostly rebuilt, but they've also figured out [[Protocore]] Energy, meaning the city is almost better off than before.

[[Xavier]] happens upon a flower shop called [[Philo]] built where [[Sweeties Cake Shop]] had been, which is overflowing with marigolds. ((No doubt a tribute/memorial to [[Bella]].)) [[Xavier]] asks about that date he bailed on three years prior. [[Jeremiah]] reveals that [[Bella]] had already figured out he wasn't a normal human, and accepted him anyway. [[Jeremiah]] fidgets with a small ring he wears on a necklace--likely the engagement ring he'd been planning to give [[Bella]] before she died in the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]].

[[Jeremiah]] asks whether [[Xavier]] needs a new identity, but he declines as he notices some [[wavyleaf sea lavenders]]. Jeremiah reflects that part of why he and the other [[Backtrackers]] felt like they could give up the mission was that [[Xavier]] would keep carrying it forward--but that was very unfair to him. On that note, [[Jeremiah]] asks to return to working with [[Xavier]]. Xavier tells him to do what he thinks is right.

That night, [[Xavier]] reflects on how the people [[Linkon]] have quickly returned to their everyday lives, bustling along without looking at the stars. The light pollution has rapidly worsened, so now he can no longer see as many stars as he did in the forest just three years before--that waterfall of stars is his "last memory of his distant homeland."

[[Xavier]] remembers [[Jeremiah]] suggesting he settle down with [[MC]], now that he's found her. He lets himself think that maybe he can settle down this time--someplace he can see the stars.
