Main Story/WU-10 Mischief.md, before:

# Overview
Relevant LI: [[Sylus]]
Main POV character: [[Luke and Kieran]] (aka "the twins")
Cover image: [[Luke and Kieran]] in their masks

The origin story of how [[Luke and Kieran]] ended up working with [[Sylus]]

## Summary
[[Luke and Kieran]], age 16, escape [[Ever]]'s transport van as they're being taken to the disposal area adjacent to the [[N109 Zone]]. After killing all their captors, they learn that they've been given less than 3 months to live due to their rejection reaction to the [[Protocore]] experiments that gave them their super-twin powers. So, they decide to go out with a bang--by trying to kill [[Sylus]].

Their failed attempts to do so culminate in a duel between the twins. While they're looking for a way to turn it into an attempt on Sylus's life, one of the twins starts to transform, sprouting [[black crystals]]. After testing their will to live--and finding it solidly intact--Sylus saves the twin from the transformation. They ultimately end up joining his crew, promising to keep an eye on [[Sherman]].

## Commentary
Regarding the twin that began transforming with the [[black crystals]], the narrative is sure to not say which twin has the scars. That being said, two clues indicate that it's likely Kieran:
1. Luke is the one to offer the masks so they can "look like twins", which is a gesture more likely to be an offer from the unwounded twin than an ask from the wounded one.
2. Thematically, Kieran is the "shadow" while Luke is the face of the operation, so thematically it's more likely that Kieran is the scarred twin

# 01 Rule No. 1
> 2046, Early Spring

An armored truck careens down a deserted road adjacent to the [[N109 Zone]] as the driver, [[Linton]], listens to [[Combat Zone FM]]. This radio broadcast and it's "rules" for ambush will serve as a thematic backdrop across the story.

Unbeknownst to him, in the back of the truck, [[Luke and Kieran]] are restrained and supervised by [[Ever]] researchers--they're being taken to a disposal site adjacent to the [[N109 Zone]] for "disposal". They break out, kill all the researchers, and threaten [[Linton]] with a knife. He slams the breaks, and they give him a 5 minute head start to make things interesting.

The twins easily catch up with him in an alley, demonstrating how they use their identical appearance to their strategic benefit (pretending to be one person, their victim only realizing there's two of them when it's too late). [[Luke and Kieran]] introduce themselves--Luke is the one more likely to speak, and Kieran is his "shadow". 

Their vendetta against [[Linton]] is revealed--he snitched on them last time they tried to escape. Luke kills him as Kieran casually watches.

The twins then find a page of their experiment record, which is reproduced in full in [[Luke and Kieran#Experiment Records]]. In summary, due to [[Ever]]'s experiments, the twins are able to see what the other can see, and feel all the other's sensations.

They learn that due to a rejection reaction to the [[Protocore]]s they were exposed to, "transformation" is likely within three months, which is synonymous with death. ((This will later be shown to connect to the other [[human to Wanderer transformation]]s, and the [[black crystals]].))

As the twins discuss this, they reveal that the "younger one of the 303 twins... Phi- something" lived beyond his lifespan estimate. ((This is likely [[Philip]].))

They decide to go out with a bang. Realizing they're next to the [[N109 Zone]], they remember researchers mentioning [[Sylus]] as a dangerous [[Protocore]] smuggler, "that ruthless boss of [[Onychinus]]". Luke suggests they try to kill him. Kieran laughs at first, but Luke insists that getting killed by [[Sylus]] is better than transforming. Kieran ponders, then agrees.

# 02 Rumor
Over the next two weeks, the twins gather intel on Sylus. The most useful bit of information is that [[Sylus]] has a permanent luxury suite at [[Solon Hotel]], and this tidbit:
> "They say he doesn't have a fixed appearance. He wears a new face every day. No one has ever seen his real appearance."
* This is notable because of its similarity to something [[Sylus]] mentions in [[Beyond Cloudfall]]--others generally see something based on their own expectations, not his "true" appearance.
* ((It could explain why [[Sylus]] is able to be active in [[Linkon]] without causing trouble, and why it sometimes takes people a while to realize it's him. However, the writers are generally consistent when describing [[Sylus]]'s appearance from multiple character POVs, and he could have kept his identity secret simply by being reclusive. It may be that this truly is just a rumor, but is a wink at [[Beyond Cloudfall]]. So, this remains inconclusive.))

The twins hide out in a vacant space that's "not too dilapidated" and note how quickly new acquaintances appear and disappear. "Death is only a matter of time." They meet friends one day only to learn they died two blocks over the next.

The twins reveal their unique traits. Luke has a habit of chewing ice, picked up after their last escape attempt resulted in Kieran getting a bloody mouth. Kieran endured the next two weeks in solitary confinement without medical attention, but that left Luke with the referred pain for that time, hence the ice. Kieran, for his part, crafted a dart to get his revenge, which then became a hobby.

Kieran mentions meeting [[Sherman]] at [[Elysium]]. Luke calls him a "peacock". Kieran guesses that maybe he's only so bold because [[Sylus]] is backing him, so they decide to observe an upcoming [[Onychinus]] business meeting.

On a rooftop across the street, they peer into the [[Sylus's luxury suite]] at the [[Solon Hotel]], getting their first glimpse of the man. There are [[Onychinus]] underlings and the deal's participants. The twins note he doesn't carry a weapon--just in time to see the power of his [[Evol]] as he dissolves a terrified man into mist.

Sylus then looks out the window, and the twins hide on instinct, hoping his eyesight wasn't good enough to see them. ((It probably was.)) Luke had tracked [[Sylus]]'s demeanor, noting how bored he was, while Kieran noticed that everyone in the room, even his own allies, gave Sylus a wide berth.

# 03 Trick
The twins reflect on the advantage of their identical appearances, which have served them well from growing up on the streets to [[Ever]]'s research facility to the [[N109 Zone]]. 

>"Just like their names suggest, one is always in the light, and the other is in the shadows."
* The EN localization here is a bit of a stretch, but Luke does mean "light" (latin) and Kieran means "little dark one" (Irish). For more on the wordplay in CN, see: [[Luke and Kieran#Name localization]].

That Wednesday night, a "Mr. R" ([[Sylus]]) summons an international orchestra to a concert hall in the [[N109 Zone]] right after their international tour. They even uncover the disused pipe organ. ([[Sylus]]'s affection for pipe organs is a reference to [[Beyond Cloudfall]] and [[Continuous Symphony]].) The fact that no tickets are being sold, no matter how much money is offered, draws more attention.

[[Luke and Kieran]] sneak into the concert hall, finding [[Sylus]] sitting there alone, eyes closed and waiting for the concert to begin. Luke sneaks through the back and ties up the orchestra, then creates a distraction on-stage while Kieran attempts to sneak through the seats.

Sylus easily catches them, asking about their motive and telling them to be less boring before wrapping them up in his mist and tossing them out of the concert hall. ((This is similar to how he treats [[MC]] in [[Midnight Stealth]].))

The twins are shocked to still be alive, miffed that it's the first time they've ever been caught, and offended that he called them boring.

# 04 Thrill Seeker
The twins notice members of [[Onychinus]] frequenting the [[fighting arena]], so they check it out. They try to get recruited as fighters, but are rejected for being too skinny. So, that night, they put the rest of the fighters out of commission (via gastrointestinal distress) and get themselves hired due to the "staff shortage".

On another Wednesday night, [[Onychinus]] storms the arena to take the place down. [[Sylus]] appears "in the place with the best view". The twins sneak up to him again, hoping to take advantage of the chaos. Once they get to him, they use a new distraction: kneeling and asking to be his loyal followers.

[[Sylus]] tosses a knife between them and tells them to prove themselves. They go and clean up Sylus's enemies in the melee below, ending the fighting. Sylus replies, "Now use each other's lives to prove yourselves." The twins are exhilarated.

They're practiced at this mirror match--and Sylus is finally amused. But it's yet another diversion--they're looking for an opening to go after Sylus.

Sylus notices and is bored of this tactic, but their persistence keeps him interested.

Then, the twin holding the knife begins to transform, [[black crystals]] crawling up his face and to his eyes form within his body. The other twin falls in empathic agony.

# 05 The End
The narrative is careful to not specify which twin has begun to transform. He reaches for the knife again, trying to end his life--but hesitates when he realizes that doing so will kill his brother. Instead, he begins to gouge out the crystals, hoping to halt his transformation.

Sylus finally approves: "At least you've got some guts."

The twin who isn't transforming steels himself and offers to "help" (i.e. deliver the mercy blow), saying "Don't worry about me."

> Beside them, a fiend whispers, "If you do this, you won't survive either."
> "... I'll die with him."

The twin puts on a show of bravado, saying he doesn't care if he dies Sylus tests them one last time, wrapping them both in mist. They think he's finally going to kill them, and fear of death finally overwhelms them. Sylus teases them, saying he thought they had a death wish--and they finally confess they don't.

So, "with a derisive snort," Sylus redirects the mist to shatter the [[black crystals]], and the pain vanishes, the transformation halted.

> "In the [[N109 Zone]], dying is easy," Sylus says as he leaves, his tone almost teasing. "Staying alive--now that's the real proof of strength."

# 06 Twins
Two weeks later, the twin with the injures has healed, though grotesque scars remain. They find Sylus again and offer their loyalty. He tells them to drop the act, but they say their motivation is to stick around and see if anyone else can manage to kill him. This earns a flicker of an amused smile.

Luke offers to keep an eye on [[Sherman]], saying he's suspicious. Kieran affirms that they know all his routines. "Go then" is Sylus's response, then he vanishes.

Now that they're back out in the [[N109 Zone]], Luke reveals to Kieran that he got "303" to make masks for them so they can still look identical to others. Luke says, "Just found out he set up a workshop in the N109 Zone". This clue, combined with "Phi-" from earlier, confirms that the younger of the 303 twins is indeed [[Philip]].

Thinking back to Sylus's smile, they (correctly) guess that Sylus can't be killed.

Commit message:

Add Long Awaited Revelry and Beyond Cloudfall
Add the Long Awaited Revelry main story arc, and Sylus's Beyond Cloudfall myth (as these two are highly inter-related). Plus some misc clean-up.

Main Story/WU-10 Mischief.md, after:

# Overview
Relevant LI: [[Sylus]]
Main POV character: [[Luke and Kieran]] (aka "the twins")
Cover image: [[Luke and Kieran]] in their masks

The origin story of how [[Luke and Kieran]] ended up working with [[Sylus]]

## Summary
[[Luke and Kieran]], age 16, escape [[Ever]]'s transport van as they're being taken to the disposal area adjacent to the [[N109 Zone]]. After killing all their captors, they learn that they've been given less than 3 months to live due to their rejection reaction to the [[Protocore]] experiments that gave them their super-twin powers. So, they decide to go out with a bang--by trying to kill [[Sylus]].

Their failed attempts to do so culminate in a duel between the twins. While they're looking for a way to turn it into an attempt on Sylus's life, one of the twins starts to transform, sprouting [[black crystals]]. After testing their will to live--and finding it solidly intact--Sylus saves the twin from the transformation. They ultimately end up joining his crew, promising to keep an eye on [[Sherman]].

## Commentary
Regarding the twin that began transforming with the [[black crystals]], the narrative is sure to not say which twin has the scars. That being said, two clues indicate that it's likely Kieran:
1. Luke is the one to offer the masks so they can "look like twins", which is a gesture more likely to be an offer from the unwounded twin than an ask from the wounded one.
2. Thematically, Kieran is the "shadow" while Luke is the face of the operation, so thematically it's more likely that Kieran is the scarred twin

# 01 Rule No. 1
> 2046, Early Spring

An armored truck careens down a deserted road adjacent to the [[N109 Zone]] as the driver, [[Linton]], listens to [[Combat Zone FM]]. This radio broadcast and it's "rules" for ambush will serve as a thematic backdrop across the story.

Unbeknownst to him, in the back of the truck, [[Luke and Kieran]] are restrained and supervised by [[Ever]] researchers--they're being taken to a disposal site adjacent to the [[N109 Zone]] for "disposal". They break out, kill all the researchers, and threaten [[Linton]] with a knife. He slams the breaks, and they give him a 5 minute head start to make things interesting.

The twins easily catch up with him in an alley, demonstrating how they use their identical appearance to their strategic benefit (pretending to be one person, their victim only realizing there's two of them when it's too late). [[Luke and Kieran]] introduce themselves--Luke is the one more likely to speak, and Kieran is his "shadow". 

Their vendetta against [[Linton]] is revealed--he snitched on them last time they tried to escape. Luke kills him as Kieran casually watches.

The twins then find a page of their experiment record, which is reproduced in full in [[Luke and Kieran#Experiment Records]]. In summary, due to [[Ever]]'s experiments, the twins are able to see what the other can see, and feel all the other's sensations.

They learn that due to a rejection reaction to the [[Protocore]]s they were exposed to, "transformation" is likely within three months, which is synonymous with death. ((This will later be shown to connect to the other [[human to Wanderer transformation]]s, and the [[black crystals]].))

As the twins discuss this, they reveal that the "younger one of the 303 twins... Phi- something" lived beyond his lifespan estimate. ((This is [[Philip]].))

They decide to go out with a bang. Realizing they're next to the [[N109 Zone]], they remember researchers mentioning [[Sylus]] as a dangerous [[Protocore]] smuggler, "that ruthless boss of [[Onychinus]]". Luke suggests they try to kill him. Kieran laughs at first, but Luke insists that getting killed by [[Sylus]] is better than transforming. Kieran ponders, then agrees.

# 02 Rumor
Over the next two weeks, the twins gather intel on Sylus. The most useful bit of information is that [[Sylus]] has a permanent luxury suite at [[Solon Hotel]], and this tidbit:
> "They say he doesn't have a fixed appearance. He wears a new face every day. No one has ever seen his real appearance."
* ((This is a wink at what Sylus says in [[Beyond Cloudfall - Ch 4]]--Everyone sees something different when they look at a fiend, and it's a reflection of their own hearts. In the main story, Sylus's appearance is written consistently across character POVs. His same comment is a clue as to how he can get away with this--the vast majority of people just wouldn't expect that Onychinus's leader would casually walk around Linkon, for example.))

The twins hide out in a vacant space that's "not too dilapidated" and note how quickly new acquaintances appear and disappear. "Death is only a matter of time." They meet friends one day only to learn they died two blocks over the next.

The twins reveal their unique traits. Luke has a habit of chewing ice, picked up after their last escape attempt resulted in Kieran getting a bloody mouth. Kieran endured the next two weeks in solitary confinement without medical attention, but that left Luke with the referred pain for that time, hence the ice. Kieran, for his part, crafted a dart to get his revenge, which then became a hobby.

Kieran mentions meeting [[Sherman]] at [[Elysium]]. Luke calls him a "peacock". Kieran guesses that maybe he's only so bold because [[Sylus]] is backing him, so they decide to observe an upcoming [[Onychinus]] business meeting.

On a rooftop across the street, they peer into the [[Sylus's luxury suite]] at the [[Solon Hotel]], getting their first glimpse of the man. There are [[Onychinus]] underlings and the deal's participants. The twins note he doesn't carry a weapon--just in time to see the power of his [[Evol]] as he dissolves a terrified man into mist.

Sylus then looks out the window, and the twins hide on instinct, hoping his eyesight wasn't good enough to see them. ((It probably was.)) Luke had tracked [[Sylus]]'s demeanor, noting how bored he was, while Kieran noticed that everyone in the room, even his own allies, gave Sylus a wide berth.

# 03 Trick
The twins reflect on the advantage of their identical appearances, which have served them well from growing up on the streets to [[Ever]]'s research facility to the [[N109 Zone]]. 

>"Just like their names suggest, one is always in the light, and the other is in the shadows."
* The EN localization here is a bit of a stretch, but Luke does mean "light" (latin) and Kieran means "little dark one" (Irish). For more on the wordplay in CN, see: [[Luke and Kieran#Name localization]].

That Wednesday night, a "Mr. R" ([[Sylus]]) summons an international orchestra to a concert hall in the [[N109 Zone]] right after their international tour. They even uncover the disused pipe organ. ([[Sylus]]'s affection for pipe organs is a reference to [[Beyond Cloudfall]] and [[Continuous Symphony]].) The fact that no tickets are being sold, no matter how much money is offered, draws more attention.

[[Luke and Kieran]] sneak into the concert hall, finding [[Sylus]] sitting there alone, eyes closed and waiting for the concert to begin. Luke sneaks through the back and ties up the orchestra, then creates a distraction on-stage while Kieran attempts to sneak through the seats.

Sylus easily catches them, asking about their motive and telling them to be less boring before wrapping them up in his mist and tossing them out of the concert hall. ((This is similar to how he treats [[MC]] in [[Midnight Stealth]].))

The twins are shocked to still be alive, miffed that it's the first time they've ever been caught, and offended that he called them boring.

# 04 Thrill Seeker
The twins notice members of [[Onychinus]] frequenting the [[fighting arena]], so they check it out. They try to get recruited as fighters, but are rejected for being too skinny. So, that night, they put the rest of the fighters out of commission (via gastrointestinal distress) and get themselves hired due to the "staff shortage".

On another Wednesday night, [[Onychinus]] storms the arena to take the place down. [[Sylus]] appears "in the place with the best view". The twins sneak up to him again, hoping to take advantage of the chaos. Once they get to him, they use a new distraction: kneeling and asking to be his loyal followers.

[[Sylus]] tosses a knife between them and tells them to prove themselves. They go and clean up Sylus's enemies in the melee below, ending the fighting. Sylus replies, "Now use each other's lives to prove yourselves." The twins are exhilarated.

They're practiced at this mirror match--and Sylus is finally amused. But it's yet another diversion--they're looking for an opening to go after Sylus.

Sylus notices and is bored of this tactic, but their persistence keeps him interested.

Then, the twin holding the knife begins to transform, [[black crystals]] crawling up his face and to his eyes form within his body. The other twin falls in empathic agony.

# 05 The End
The narrative is careful to not specify which twin has begun to transform. He reaches for the knife again, trying to end his life--but hesitates when he realizes that doing so will kill his brother. Instead, he begins to gouge out the crystals, hoping to halt his transformation.

Sylus finally approves: "At least you've got some guts."

The twin who isn't transforming steels himself and offers to "help" (i.e. deliver the mercy blow), saying "Don't worry about me."

> Beside them, a fiend whispers, "If you do this, you won't survive either."
> "... I'll die with him."

The twin puts on a show of bravado, saying he doesn't care if he dies Sylus tests them one last time, wrapping them both in mist. They think he's finally going to kill them, and fear of death finally overwhelms them. Sylus teases them, saying he thought they had a death wish--and they finally confess they don't.

So, "with a derisive snort," Sylus redirects the mist to shatter the [[black crystals]], and the pain vanishes, the transformation halted.

> "In the [[N109 Zone]], dying is easy," Sylus says as he leaves, his tone almost teasing. "Staying alive--now that's the real proof of strength."

# 06 Twins
Two weeks later, the twin with the injures has healed, though grotesque scars remain. They find Sylus again and offer their loyalty. He tells them to drop the act, but they say their motivation is to stick around and see if anyone else can manage to kill him. This earns a flicker of an amused smile.

Luke offers to keep an eye on [[Sherman]], saying he's suspicious. Kieran affirms that they know all his routines. "Go then" is Sylus's response, then he vanishes.

Now that they're back out in the [[N109 Zone]], Luke reveals to Kieran that he got "303" to make masks for them so they can still look identical to others. Luke says, "Just found out he set up a workshop in the N109 Zone". This clue, combined with "Phi-" from earlier, confirms that the younger of the 303 twins is indeed [[Philip]].

Thinking back to Sylus's smile, they (correctly) guess that Sylus can't be killed.
