Main Story/WU-14 Elysium.md, before:

# Overview
Relevant LI: [[Sylus]]
Main POV character: [[Phantom Thief Pea]]
Cover image: [[Elysium]] background (card table)

[[Phantom Thief Pea]] gives a glimpse into the history of the [[N109 Zone]], the intel bar [[Elysium]], and its ruler [[Sylus]].

# Summary
This story uses the meeting of [[Phantom Thief Pea]] and [[Aislinn]] at [[Elysium]] to tell the story of the [[2036 Disaster]] and the history of [[Aislinn]] and [[Elysium]]. For ease of reference, these stories are summarized separately.

## The Meeting
[[Phantom Thief Pea]] "exchanges" a priceless diamond-studded watch he recently stole for a frog-shaped "plushie bomb" at [[Kris's Antiques and Oddities]], disposing of the "outdated" bomb and heading over to get to [[Elysium]] right as it opens.

Once inside, he meets [[Aislinn]] who's tending bar, and asks for the [[Connoisseur's Menu]]. They discuss the various menu items, revealing tidbits about the [[N109 Zone]] and the bar's history.

At the end of the night, [[Aislinn]] discovers she was speaking to [[Phantom Thief Pea]] because he left the frog plushie with a gift box in its arms. Thanks to this gift, she learns that [[Phantom Thief Pea]] effectively saved her life in the past, working with [[Ginevra]] to procure the [[Protocore map]] that started the [[2036 Disaster]], and getting it to [[Sylus]] in exchange for continued protection of [[Elysium]] and [[Aislinn]].

### Timing
Based on what appears to be a reference to [[Sylus]] and [[MC]] working together, this meeting occurs during the main story timeline of 2048/2049, twelve years after the [[2036 Disaster]].

## Aislinn & Elysium
See [[Aislinn#Backstory]] and [[Elysium#Backstory]] for additional details.

When [[Aislinn]] was twelve (2025), she made a "deal" with [[Ginevra]], a bouncer at a nearby bar, to become her sidekick (and thus escape her abusive father). As "payment", she gave [[Ginevra]] the cash her father had given her for liquor. Unbeknownst to [[Aislinn]] at the time, [[Ginevra]] was an undercover cop in a Special Task Force.

[[Ginevra]] adopted [[Aislinn]] and 11 years later (2036) founded [[Elysium]], with [[Aislinn]] tagging along and running the bar when Ginevra would disappear on her mysterious missions.

When things come to a head in 2036 after the rumors of a priceless [[Protocore]] (likely an [[Aether Core]]) and the appearance of a [[Protocore map]], [[Ginevra]] works with [[Phantom Thief Pea]] to get the map to trade to [[Sylus]] in exchange for [[Elysium]] and [[Aislinn]]'s protection.

[[Aislinn]] didn't see [[Ginevra]] after that day and has been running [[Elysium]] as an intel bar ever since.


# 01 Meeting
At 9:55 pm, [[Phantom Thief Pea]] (aka Mr. P) is on his way to a meeting, walking along [[Umerta Street]]. ((We soon learn he's waiting for [[Elysium]] to open so he can go in on-the-dot.))

He passes [[Kris's Antiques and Oddities]], which advertises a "plushie bomb" that's not for sale. This piques the thief's interest, so he decides he has enough time to stop by.

The owner "greets" him, telling him not to touch anything he's not buying, glued to his phone. Pea leans over and sees an article:
> [[Phantom Thief Pea]] Pulls Another Time Trick: Million-Dollar Blood Diamond Watch Vanishes From [[Solon Hotel]] Auction!

This is the very watch on which Pea just checked the time. The owner calls Pea a "second-rate thief" mentioning now the [[N109 Zone]] is cheering for him.

Pea ends up stealing the blush and replacing it with the diamond watch. ((This demonstrates that he's in it for the thrill/craft moreso than for the money/value.)) He dismisses the bomb as "outdated", dismantles it, and throws it away. He keeps the plushie though, complimenting its color.

It's now 10pm, when [[Elysium]] officially opens.

# 02 Elysium
Pea sits at the bar and is greeted by [[Aislinn]] as a new customer. He asks for the [[Connoisseur's Menu]]. The bar around him falls quietly briefly as they recognize the significance.

[[Aislinn]] gives him the menu, then brings over the "Do It" ([[Connoisseur's Menu#Do It]]), noting that it's been a while since anyone asked for it, so she upgraded him to a large.

Pea's comment about the name being a go-getter's philosophy reminds [[Aislinn]] of how she hears it--a reminder of when she was expected to do everything her father told her to do. We get a flashback to Aislinn's backstory about how a bouncer named [[Ginevra]] adopted her to save her from her abuse father (details in [[Aislinn#Backstory]]).

# 03 Coward's Shell
[[Phantom Thief Pea]] sips the "Do It" and coughs at the booze. [[Aislinn]] continues to explain the menu. When pea mentions skepticism that there are cowards in the N109 Zone, [[Aislinn]] assures him that there are, and we get another flashback to her backstory.

As detailed in [[Aislinn#Backstory]], we learn that [[Ginevra]] is an undercover agent of a Special Task Force and founded [[Elysium]] in the [[N109 Zone]] intentionally. In 2036, she and a man named [[Dexter]] worked on a mission to find a missing child, something to do with being a "test subject".

# 04 Strawberry Disaster Special
[[Aislinn]] delivers Pea's Strawberry Disaster Special, with a "side" of an invitation to a [[Protocore auction]] (Unclear if it's the same one as in the main story). ((Note that the menu lists side 7 for this dish, "Protocore Trading". ([[Connoisseur's Menu#Strawberry Disaster Special]])))

Seeing the invitation, Pea comments that the [[2036 Disaster]] started because of a [[Protocore map]]. They have an ironic conversation, with both knowing more than they let on:
> "Unfortunately, that [[Protocore map]] was lost at that time."
> Seeing the faint remorse in her eyes, Mr. P offers a knowing smile. "Lost? Perhaps it was stolen."
> "You aren't suggesting [[Phantom Thief Pea]] did it, are you?"
> "Who knows? It's all just speculation." He chuckles softly before playfully shrugging. "Maybe the map was just an excuse to shake things up from the start."
* [[Aislinn]] actually knows that the map ended up in [[Sylus]]'s hands in exchange for [[Elysium]]'s security during the [[2036 Disaster]]
* Pea hasn't revealed his identity, so Aislinn doesn't know he's the one that got it and gave it to [[Ginevra]] for this purpose

As they chat, Pea spots [[Aislinn]]'s [[windflower]] earring, which prompts another flashback to Aislinn's backstory (see [[Aislinn#Backstory]]) about the time shortly before the [[2036 Disaster]].

There were rumors of a priceless [[Protocore]] hidden somewhere in the zone. ((This is likely the other half of [[MC]]'s [[Aether Core]], which resurfaces in the the hands of [[Sherman]]'s branch of [[Onychinus]] at the [[Protocore auction]] in the main story.)) So, the [[Protocore map]] was highly coveted, with even cops from the Special Task Force (i.e., [[Ginevra]] and her ilk) going after it.

Also, by this point, everyone in the [[N109 Zone]] knows the name [[Sylus]]. He's said to be "eating people".
> This powerful lone Evolver roamed the area and became a hot topic after "devouring" several prominent factions. Plenty of people wanted him on their side.
> "Eating people? What's that about?"
> "You heard about some Evolvers going missing, right? They say it all began after [[Sylus]]'s [[Onychinus]] came into existence."

That night, the [[2036 Disaster]] breaks out. Against all odds, [[Elysium]] and [[Aislinn]] emerge unscathed. Once [[Sylus]] emerges victorious, their benefactor is revealed. [[Mephisto]] arrives at [[Elysium]], and [[Aislinn]] learns that a deal was made for [[Sylus]] to protect [[Elysium]] and herself in exchange for the [[Protocore map]].
> \[...] a black crow delivered its master's message: "The deal is done. I'll be taking the map."

# 05 Today's Special
Pea comments, "A deal... That's definitely something he'd do." The narrative notes that once he's finished his ice cream, he's still "curious about that past event." ((Since it was never stated that [[Aislinn]] said anything about the Disaster, it's unclear whether they spoke aloud about it or Pea's commenting based on his own memories here.))

He asks about the day's special instead, the "Sweet Evil Trap." Aislinn says,
> "This was made for a certain lady and isn't available for others."
> "Who could get that kind of privilege?"

Aislinn replies it's confidential. Pea asks about the "side dish" (i.e. Special Service 0, marked "?" on the menu) and she says "I don't have the courage to serve our sponsor as a side dish", conforming that the "I'm waiting for you" message is from their "sponsor" to "a certain lady".
* ((This is almost certainly meant to be [[Sylus]] leaving a message for [[MC]], since the deal described in the last chapter implies that [[Sylus]] has become the bar's sponsor/protector.))

At 3am, [[Aislinn]] closes up after seeing off the last customer. She reflects on how she's still searching for [[Ginevra]], who disappeared after the riot.

She finds the frog plushie that Pea left behind with a gift box in its arms and a card ducked into its seam:

> To my dear Aislinn,
> Once, someone traded me a map for what's in this gift box.
> Now, I'm returning it to its rightful owner in exchange for your splendid menu.
> P. S. Thank you for your hospitality tonight. Maybe I'll try the dish you created just for me next time.
> Yours truly,
> [[Phantom Thief Pea]]

In the box is on a velvet cushion is the liquor money she'd originally given Ginevra when asking to be her sidekick. There's a yellowed note that reads "[[Aislinn]]'s Protection Money".

The revelation brings tears to her eyes.
> After all these years, this small piece of survival finally returned home.

Commit message:

Update WU-14 Elysium.md
Update/fix timeline assumptions and add detail about beast's roar

Main Story/WU-14 Elysium.md, after:

# Overview
Relevant LI: [[Sylus]]
Main POV character: [[Phantom Thief Pea]]
Cover image: [[Elysium]] background (card table)

[[Phantom Thief Pea]] gives a glimpse into the history of the [[N109 Zone]], the intel bar [[Elysium]], and its ruler [[Sylus]].

# Summary
This story uses the meeting of [[Phantom Thief Pea]] and [[Aislinn]] at [[Elysium]] to tell the story of the [[2036 Disaster]] and the history of [[Aislinn]] and [[Elysium]]. For ease of reference, these stories are summarized separately.

## The Meeting
[[Phantom Thief Pea]] "exchanges" a priceless diamond-studded watch he recently stole for a frog-shaped "plushie bomb" at [[Kris's Antiques and Oddities]], disposing of the "outdated" bomb and heading over to get to [[Elysium]] right as it opens.

Once inside, he meets [[Aislinn]] who's tending bar, and asks for the [[Connoisseur's Menu]]. They discuss the various menu items, revealing tidbits about the [[N109 Zone]] and the bar's history.

At the end of the night, [[Aislinn]] discovers she was speaking to [[Phantom Thief Pea]] because he left the frog plushie with a gift box in its arms. Thanks to this gift, she learns that [[Phantom Thief Pea]] effectively saved her life in the past, working with [[Ginevra]] to procure the [[Protocore map]] that started the [[2036 Disaster]], and getting it to [[Sylus]] in exchange for continued protection of [[Elysium]] and [[Aislinn]].

### Timing
"Today's Special" on the [[Connoisseur's Menu]] is for [[MC]] from [[Sylus]], but this doesn't necessarily mean they've reconnected--the message "I'm waiting for you" hints more at the time before they've reconnected.

Without more detail on the timeline of [[Phantom Thief Pea]]'s crimes, the timing of this story remains unclear.

## Aislinn & Elysium
See [[Aislinn#Backstory]] and [[Elysium#Backstory]] for additional details.

When [[Aislinn]] was twelve (2025), she made a "deal" with [[Ginevra]], a bouncer at a nearby bar, to become her sidekick (and thus escape her abusive father). As "payment", she gave [[Ginevra]] the cash her father had given her for liquor. Unbeknownst to [[Aislinn]] at the time, [[Ginevra]] was an undercover cop in a Special Task Force.

[[Ginevra]] adopted [[Aislinn]] and 11 years later (2036) founded [[Elysium]], with [[Aislinn]] tagging along and running the bar when Ginevra would disappear on her mysterious missions.

When things come to a head in 2036 after the rumors of a priceless [[Protocore]] (likely an [[Aether Core]]) and the appearance of a [[Protocore map]], [[Ginevra]] works with [[Phantom Thief Pea]] to get the map to trade to [[Sylus]] in exchange for [[Elysium]] and [[Aislinn]]'s protection.

[[Aislinn]] didn't see [[Ginevra]] after that day and has been running [[Elysium]] as an intel bar ever since.


# 01 Meeting
At 9:55 pm, [[Phantom Thief Pea]] (aka Mr. P) is on his way to a meeting, walking along [[Umerta Street]]. ((We soon learn he's waiting for [[Elysium]] to open so he can go in on-the-dot.))

He passes [[Kris's Antiques and Oddities]], which advertises a "plushie bomb" that's not for sale. This piques the thief's interest, so he decides he has enough time to stop by.

The owner "greets" him, telling him not to touch anything he's not buying, glued to his phone. Pea leans over and sees an article:
> [[Phantom Thief Pea]] Pulls Another Time Trick: Million-Dollar Blood Diamond Watch Vanishes From [[Solon Hotel]] Auction!

This is the very watch on which Pea just checked the time. The owner calls Pea a "second-rate thief" mentioning now the [[N109 Zone]] is cheering for him.

Pea ends up stealing the blush and replacing it with the diamond watch. ((This demonstrates that he's in it for the thrill/craft moreso than for the money/value.)) He dismisses the bomb as "outdated", dismantles it, and throws it away. He keeps the plushie though, complimenting its color.

It's now 10pm, when [[Elysium]] officially opens.

# 02 Elysium
Pea sits at the bar and is greeted by [[Aislinn]] as a new customer. He asks for the [[Connoisseur's Menu]]. The bar around him falls quietly briefly as they recognize the significance.

[[Aislinn]] gives him the menu, then brings over the "Do It" ([[Connoisseur's Menu#Do It]]), noting that it's been a while since anyone asked for it, so she upgraded him to a large.

Pea's comment about the name being a go-getter's philosophy reminds [[Aislinn]] of how she hears it--a reminder of when she was expected to do everything her father told her to do. We get a flashback to Aislinn's backstory about how a bouncer named [[Ginevra]] adopted her to save her from her abuse father (details in [[Aislinn#Backstory]]).

# 03 Coward's Shell
[[Phantom Thief Pea]] sips the "Do It" and coughs at the booze. [[Aislinn]] continues to explain the menu. When pea mentions skepticism that there are cowards in the N109 Zone, [[Aislinn]] assures him that there are, and we get another flashback to her backstory.

As detailed in [[Aislinn#Backstory]], we learn that [[Ginevra]] is an undercover agent of a Special Task Force and founded [[Elysium]] in the [[N109 Zone]] intentionally. In 2036, she and a man named [[Dexter]] worked on a mission to find a missing child, something to do with being a "test subject".

# 04 Strawberry Disaster Special
[[Aislinn]] delivers Pea's Strawberry Disaster Special, with a "side" of an invitation to a [[Protocore auction]] (Unclear if it's the same one as in the main story). ((Note that the menu lists side 7 for this dish, "Protocore Trading". ([[Connoisseur's Menu#Strawberry Disaster Special]])))

Seeing the invitation, Pea comments that the [[2036 Disaster]] started because of a [[Protocore map]]. They have an ironic conversation, with both knowing more than they let on:
> "Unfortunately, that [[Protocore map]] was lost at that time."
> Seeing the faint remorse in her eyes, Mr. P offers a knowing smile. "Lost? Perhaps it was stolen."
> "You aren't suggesting [[Phantom Thief Pea]] did it, are you?"
> "Who knows? It's all just speculation." He chuckles softly before playfully shrugging. "Maybe the map was just an excuse to shake things up from the start."
* [[Aislinn]] actually knows that the map ended up in [[Sylus]]'s hands in exchange for [[Elysium]]'s security during the [[2036 Disaster]]
* Pea hasn't revealed his identity, so Aislinn doesn't know he's the one that got it and gave it to [[Ginevra]] for this purpose

As they chat, Pea spots [[Aislinn]]'s [[windflower]] earring, which prompts another flashback to Aislinn's backstory (see [[Aislinn#Backstory]]) about the time shortly before the [[2036 Disaster]].

There were rumors of a priceless [[Protocore]] hidden somewhere in the zone. ((This is likely the other half of [[MC]]'s [[Aether Core]], which resurfaces in the the hands of [[Sherman]]'s branch of [[Onychinus]] at the [[Protocore auction]] in the main story.)) So, the [[Protocore map]] was highly coveted, with even cops from the Special Task Force (i.e., [[Ginevra]] and her ilk) going after it.

Also, by this point, everyone in the [[N109 Zone]] knows the name [[Sylus]]. He's said to be "eating people".
> This powerful lone Evolver roamed the area and became a hot topic after "devouring" several prominent factions. Plenty of people wanted him on their side.
> "Eating people? What's that about?"
> "You heard about some Evolvers going missing, right? They say it all began after [[Sylus]]'s [[Onychinus]] came into existence."

That night, the [[2036 Disaster]] breaks out. At midnight, Aislinn gets a chaotic call from [[Ginevra]]:
> On the other end, chaos reigned: Gunshots, something like a beast's roar, and human screams. Amid the clamor, she heard Ginevra's voice.
> "No matter what happens, don't leave Elysium. And..."
> Her final words were drowned out by a massive explosion from the street.
* "Something like a beast's roar" could describe a Wanderer, but Aislinn would likely specifically recognize this. So, this is likely a reference to a dragon's roar (which is heard many times in Beyond Cloudfall) and an indication that [[Sylus]] retains his dragon abilities in the main story timeline. (This is also supported by the rumors of him having horns and wings in [[02-02.01 Alone]])

Against all odds, [[Elysium]] and [[Aislinn]] emerge unscathed. Once [[Sylus]] emerges victorious, their benefactor is revealed. [[Mephisto]] arrives at [[Elysium]], and [[Aislinn]] learns that a deal was made for [[Sylus]] to protect [[Elysium]] and herself in exchange for the [[Protocore map]].
> \[...] a black crow delivered its master's message: "The deal is done. I'll be taking the map."

# 05 Today's Special
Pea comments, "A deal... That's definitely something he'd do." The narrative notes that once he's finished his ice cream, he's still "curious about that past event." ((Since it was never stated that [[Aislinn]] said anything about the Disaster, it's unclear whether they spoke aloud about it or Pea's commenting based on his own memories here.))

He asks about the day's special instead, the "Sweet Evil Trap." Aislinn says,
> "This was made for a certain lady and isn't available for others."
> "Who could get that kind of privilege?"

Aislinn replies it's confidential. Pea asks about the "side dish" (i.e. Special Service 0, marked "?" on the menu) and she says "I don't have the courage to serve our sponsor as a side dish", conforming that the "I'm waiting for you" message is from their "sponsor" to "a certain lady".
* ((This is almost certainly meant to be [[Sylus]] leaving a message for [[MC]], since the deal described in the last chapter implies that [[Sylus]] has become the bar's sponsor/protector.))

At 3am, [[Aislinn]] closes up after seeing off the last customer. She reflects on how she's still searching for [[Ginevra]], who disappeared after the riot.

She finds the frog plushie that Pea left behind with a gift box in its arms and a card ducked into its seam:

> To my dear Aislinn,
> Once, someone traded me a map for what's in this gift box.
> Now, I'm returning it to its rightful owner in exchange for your splendid menu.
> P. S. Thank you for your hospitality tonight. Maybe I'll try the dish you created just for me next time.
> Yours truly,
> [[Phantom Thief Pea]]

In the box is on a velvet cushion is the liquor money she'd originally given Ginevra when asking to be her sidekick. There's a yellowed note that reads "[[Aislinn]]'s Protection Money".

The revelation brings tears to her eyes.
> After all these years, this small piece of survival finally returned home.
