Anecdotes/Never-Ending Winter.md, before:

# Anecdote
Relevant LI: [[Zayne]]
Main POV character: [[Zayne]]
Associated Companion: [[Zayne - Medic of the Arctic]]

Zayne and [[William]] venture to depths of the [[Mt Eternal incident]], but only Zayne returns.
## Summary
It's 2043 and Zayne has recently earned his MD. He travels with [[Dr. Noah]] to the site of the ongoing [[Mt Eternal incident]] and joins up with [[William]], another mentee of Dr. Noah and the one who took Zayne under his wing during Zayne's internship. Casualties mount, and they determine that the mountain's [[Protofield]] is constantly attracting more [[Wanderer]]s.

Agains [[Dr. Noah]]'s wishes, [[Zayne]] risks his life to join [[William]] on the [[Evol Special Rescue Unit]] to destroy the Protofield. It's center is on the treacherous northern face of [[Mt Eternal]]. After heavy casualties that force [[Zayne]] to join the fray, the field is destroyed and it appears that both he and William survived.

However, [[William]] begins to sprout [[black crystals]] and undergoes a [[human to Wanderer transformation]], forcing [[Zayne]] to kill him just like the "[[Grim Reaper]]" does in [[Zayne's Dawnbreaker dreams]]. This "failure" continues to haunt him years later.
 
## Commentary
This is some pretty key lore both for [[Zayne]] and for the [[human to Wanderer transformation]] situation overall. Crucially, we learn that the reason that [[Zayne]] was so disturbed by the [[black crystals]] that appeared during his research (depicted in [[WU-01 Longly Flame]]) is he'd already seen them in [[Zayne's Dawnbreaker dreams]].

By the time [[Carter]] is trying to recruit [[Zayne]] to [[X-Heart]], [[Zayne]] already holds the secret of what happened to [[William]] and knows that [[Protocore]] exposure will do more harm than good.

# 01 Night's Daytime Brightness
We start with one of [[Zayne's Dawnbreaker dreams]]:
> All Zayne sees is a world of ice and snow. He steps over dozens of bodies, blood still dripping from his hands. With a wave, dark crystals pierce through several other still struggling.
> There are no screams. It's so quiet that only the sound of his own footsteps can be heard. There is only a shivering little boy. Zayne stands before him, his shadow looming across the boy's blood-covered face.
> Afraid, the boy is silent. He can only look up at Zayne with wide, shining eyes.
> After a moment of silence, the wind rises. Zayne raises his hand, dark crystals once again forming on his palm--

He awakes on a plane ride with [[Dr. Noah]] to [[Miran Airport]], reflecting that he's been having these dreams of death "for the past ten years".
* In this anecdote, [[Dr. Noah]] is identified only as "his mentor", but [[WU-01 Longly Flame]] clearly confirms his identity.
* ((If this 10 years is exact, he's 22 at the time, which is consistent with him having graduated this year. See also [[Zayne#Timeline]]))

[[Dr. Noah]] comforts what he perceives as [[Zayne]]'s nerves, saying that he's "only just started working and now you're being sent to the [[Arctic]] for an important rescue mission."
* ((This implies that [[Zayne]] graduated this year, which is consistent with him being 22 and it being 10 years since the dreams started when he was 12.))
* This rescue mission is due to the [[Mt Eternal incident]].

They arrive at [[Miran Airport]] then take a helicoptor to the [[Evol Special Rescue Unit]] on the mountain's southern side. As they arrive, there's an emergency--a 23 year old patient has a bullet next to his heart and [[William]] is already in surgery. [[Zayne]] jumps into action, starting surgery and even performing open-chest CPR, which has a notoriously low success rate. He's able to stabilize the patient.

Meanwhile, he notices a suspicious spike on the Evol monitor nearby.

Shortly after, [[William]] finds him and introduces himself. He recognizes Zayne as a member of the 35th cohort of the [[Skyhaven School of Medicine]] eight-year combined MD-PhD program. He was in the 31st cohort, and his mentor is also [[Dr. Noah]]. He's now a medic on the [[Evol Special Rescue Unit]] and has been at [[Mt Eternal]] since the night of the initial incident. 

Zayne remembers that when he was an intern, William had taken him under his wing. [[William]] is excited to see that Zayne is "a real doctor now", confirming that [[Zayne]] has earned his MD this year.

As they discuss the current state of the operation, Zayne runs his finger over the two marks on the surface of his notebook that represent the two patients he hasn't been able to save. (Before the end of this anecdote, he'll add more tallies. See also: [[Zayne's notebook]])

There's a loud noise indicating another attack, so they prepare. Zayne notes the light of flashbombs on the mountain in the night, bright as daylight, which give this chapter its name.

# 02 Deathly Encounter
Days of nonstop work later, [[Zayne]]'s colleagues grow more and more exhausted, but he pushes forward, taking on their patients.

On a walk outside, Zayne runs into [[Captain Xander]], who he's now friendly with. Xander tells him to take a break, but Zayne lies that he just woke up. However, he can't remember the last time he slept--though he's too exhausted to have his nightmares. Not that reality is much kinder. Xander is setting up new temporary tents and notes that the [[Wanderer]]s seem endless, with more injuries than other rescue missions. Zayne considers the anomalous Evol readings. ((He's realizing that the [[Protofield]] is indeed summoning new Wanderers continuously, and needs to be destroyed at the source.))

There's an alarm--the same 23 year old that Zayne had performed open chest CPR on is again in cardiac arrest. They're unable to save him this time. The soldier was on [[William]]'s team, so he comes to get the death certificate from [[Zayne]], and notices how troubled the young doctor is. William assures him that they can't save everyone, and as long as they do their best, it's enough. Zayne insists he's fine.

He has another nightmare:
> Zayne is once again in that world of ice and snow.
> But this time, a white figure stands in place of the corpses and blood. Under the raging blizzard, Zayne walks toward him, dark crystals forming on his hands once more. The figure doesn't move. It's waiting to die.
> The moment the crystals soar, the wind stops. In that split second, Zayne sees the other mann.
> It's him in a white coat.

He awakes, reflecting on the tally marks on his notebook. There are now 5, three from this trip. 
> It's impossible to save everyone. He knows this better than anyone else. Yet still he insists, persists. The [[Grim Reaper]] in his dreams mocks him for his folly, futility, incompetence. It wants to kill his desire to save everyone.
> But he's not planning to give up.

# 03 Determination
A [[Wanderer]] attacks the operating room, but [[Zayne]] calmly protects the patient and kills it, then moves the patient to a new OR and successfully completes the surgery. 

[[Dr. Noah]] tells Zayne that he's been called back to [[Linkon]] since he's too valuable to risk on this dangerous mission, only for Zayne to confess he's been approved to join William's team on the [[Evol Special Rescue Unit]]. He's going on the mission to the center of the [[Protofield]]. Dr. Noah is furious, not wanting Zayne to risk himself like this.

[[William]] empathizes with [[Dr. Noah]], but welcomes [[Zayne]] to the team (led by [[Captain Xander]]), promising to get him back in one piece.

# 04 Through Troubled Times
A week later, the team heads out, 30 strong. Their destination is a valley of the northern cliff of [[Mt Eternal]], where they suspect the center of the [[Protofield]] to be. By finding the center, they can eliminate the [[Protofield]] and the source of the waves of [[Wanderer]]s.

Given the danger of the mission, [[William]] asks [[Zayne]] who he's addressed his will to. Zayne reflects the question back, and William promises to introduce them after the mission. ((This is a reference to his girlfriend [[Sienna]], and tragically he doesn't make it back.))

They fight their way into the Protofield, each casualty becoming another tally on [[Zayne's notebook]], and Zayne is forced to join the fight as a soldier.
> The [[Grim Reaper]] in his dreams appears once again, staring at him with cold eyes.

As [[Zayne]] wraps his wounds, [[William]] confronts him--Zayne should have stayed safer so that his arm wasn't injured so he can continue to be an effective medic. He's noticed that [[Zayne]] is more persistent--almost desperate--to safe every patient, even compared to dedicated medical staff. But Zayne denies there being any specific reason for this. William persists, and finally, Zayne relents.
> "Years ago," he says after a long time, "I almost killed someone important."
> William is surprised. "What happened?"
> Holding the ice-cold air with his right hand, Zayne lets it go.
> "I lost control of my Evol."
>
> That night, the blood in his hands kept dripping onto the ground, dripping into his dreams. The summer when he was 12 was extraordinarily long. Every little thing--like the ivy climbing up the courtyard wall, the stall that sells popsicles, the swings in the park--is clear in his mind, as if it were yesterday.
> A snowstorm ended that summer.
> It was the first time a black-robed [[Grim Reaper]] appeared in his dreams.

# 05 A Long Way Home
((This starts with the note "the day grows shorter", potentially indicating the events occur after June 21st (the summer equinox), but it may just be thematic.))

The group reaches the valley, and over 15 of the original team members have died. (This means the tallies on [[Zayne's notebook]] now number more than 20.) Finally, they've neared the [[Protofield]]'s center. The team goes through some jargon as they set up the anti-[[Protofield]] equipment.

But then a major fluctuation occurs along with a surge in the blizzard. Wanderers appear. Zayne protects a team member with an ice wall, then freezes his own feet to the ground to keep himself standing. He clutches his right arm with his left, a gesture usually associated with [[Zayne losing control of his Evol]]. He becomes the team's sole defense as they evacuate.

They successfully destroy the [[Protofield]], allowing HQ to get their signal and send in a rescue team. The next morning, [[Zayne]] is the only one conscious enough to hear the message from HQ. Exhausted, he drags out his unconscious team members from the snow and figures out who's alive. [[William]] is conscious too, though injured, and the friends share a moment of relief that they've made it. ((A little too soon.))

[[William]] goes to get heating supplies from their bunker, but [[Zayne]] calls out to him.
> "What is it?" William turns around.
> Unable to speak, Zayne points.
> Confused, William looks down.
> An eerie blue glow appears on his chest. Crystals, beautiful and sinister, slowly begin to spread.

# 06 The Nightmare Worsens
The narrative details [[William]]'s transformation (edited to focus on the transformation itself):
> "What is this?"
> Suspicious, [[William]] touches them. He finds the fine [[black crystals]] are now growing on his hand and sting. He tries to wipe them off, fling them off, even use his [[Evol]] to get rid of them. The crystals continue to grow. [...]
> It all happens so suddenly.
> The crystals accumulate, and Wiliam's expression goes from surprised to panicked. "W-what's going on?!"
> But the crystals don't give him any time to react. Within seconds, his limbs corrode, twisting into uncomfortable, strange positions. The air around him explodes. [...] His bones and muscles are torn and start to dissolve. he cries out in pain.
> [...] The crystals, consuming bone, devouring marrow, climb to his neck. HIs arms, moving on their own, attack [[Zayne]]. William watches with dread as his body becomes twisted and gnarled.
> "It's already too late... Kill me!"
> [...] The tissue underneath the crystals rapidly forms a strange shell. [...] Crystals have encased William's body, leaving only his eyes, which stare at Zayne with a mix of pain and hope.

As [[William]] transforms, [[Zayne]] desperately tries to help him--reaching out, repeatedly trying to freeze the crystals. William warns him to stay back, especially after the explosion knocks Zayne away, but still, he persists. The crystals fly outwards, injuring Zayne, as William continues to try to convince him that he's beyond help. He finally accepts there's nothing he can do. Zayne is reminded of the figures in his dreams, also begging to be killed. Finally, Zayne acts.

>The icicles in his palm are coated in blood, soaked with a boundless black.

William's body dissipates into grayish-blue smoke, like a [[Wanderer]].  Then, Zayne has another dream-like vision:
> The people he killed in his dreams appear once more. Body after body sprawled in front of him, turning the valley into a giant tomb.
> The wind reverberates into a mournful howl, sounding like a sorrowful cry from the sky or the cries and wails of countless people on the verge of death. Warm, sticky blood gurgles, melting the crystalized snow, which quickly freezes again. It melts and freezes over and over, turning into a tombstone. Zayne watches one of these winding trails of blood. His blood.
> 
> He looks up. The [[Grim Reaper]] stands in the distance, watching him on the snowy mountain covered in blood and death.

((It's worth noting here that [[Sylus]] observes a similar transformation of one of the twins in [[WU-10 Mischief#04 Thrill Seeker]], but Sylus is actually able to halt the transformation with his Evol. This could speak to Sylus's power level, a particularity of the Energy Manipulation Evol, a nuance in the type of transformation occurring, or just a small inconsistency across different writers.))

Three years later (2046), [[Zayne]] receives the [[Linde Award]]. ((This is consistent with [[Zayne#Akso Hospital Biography]].)) [[Greyson]] gives him a hard time for not going to the ceremony in person, and [[Zayne]] makes an excuse about needing to be there for a patient. However, after he tosses the award in his drawer next to [[William]]'s martyr medal that [[Sienna]] gave him in [[WU-01 Longly Flame#01 The One Left]], it's clear that he feels he doesn't deserve the award.

Zayne reflects:
> William's crystal-covered body in his moments of death merges with the abnormal crystals in the patient's heart. The blizzard that covers [[Mt Eternal]] appears in front of him once more. The snow buried [[William]]'s body, and with it, all those secrets.
> 
> But strange crystals reappeared. The [[Grim Reaper]], hidden in the darkness, opens his merciless eyes once again.
> This uncertain, cursed fate is far from over.
* ((It seems most likely that the "abnormal crystals in the patient's heart" refers to the patient during Zayne's research before the [[Mt Eternal incident]] in [[WU-01 Longly Flame]], but it could also refer to the patient for whom he won the award. The comment that the "strange crystals reappeared" could mean that the crystals were seen in both patients, and were caused by the Wanderer exposure. This seems like the most likely conclusion, and is part of why the award would be so haunting. Zayne was able to help this patient, but not save [[William]].))

Commit message:

Add new World Underneath content
Add the new WU stories and supporting pages.

Anecdotes/Never-Ending Winter.md, after:

# Anecdote
Relevant LI: [[Zayne]]
Main POV character: [[Zayne]]
Associated Companion: [[Zayne - Medic of the Arctic]]

Zayne and [[William]] venture to depths of the [[Mt Eternal incident]], but only Zayne returns.
## Summary
It's 2043 and Zayne has recently earned his MD. He travels with [[Dr. Noah]] to the site of the ongoing [[Mt Eternal incident]] and joins up with [[William]], another mentee of Dr. Noah and the one who took Zayne under his wing during Zayne's internship. Casualties mount, and they determine that the mountain's [[Protofield]] is constantly attracting more [[Wanderer]]s.

Agains [[Dr. Noah]]'s wishes, [[Zayne]] risks his life to join [[William]] on the [[Evol Special Rescue Unit]] to destroy the Protofield. It's center is on the treacherous northern face of [[Mt Eternal]]. After heavy casualties that force [[Zayne]] to join the fray, the field is destroyed and it appears that both he and William survived.

However, [[William]] begins to sprout [[black crystals]] and undergoes a [[human to Wanderer transformation]], forcing [[Zayne]] to kill him just like the "[[Grim Reaper]]" does in [[Zayne's Dawnbreaker dreams]]. This "failure" continues to haunt him years later.
 
## Commentary
This is some pretty key lore both for [[Zayne]] and for the [[human to Wanderer transformation]] situation overall. Crucially, we learn that the reason that [[Zayne]] was so disturbed by the [[black crystals]] that appeared during his research (depicted in [[WU-01 Longly Flame]]) is he'd already seen them in [[Zayne's Dawnbreaker dreams]].

By the time [[Carter]] is trying to recruit [[Zayne]] to [[X-Heart]], [[Zayne]] already holds the secret of what happened to [[William]] and knows that [[Protocore]] exposure will do more harm than good.

### Who kills William?
There are two possible ways to interpret William's death--either that Dr. Zayne did what needed to be done and is haunted by it, or [[Zayne - Dawnbreaker]] intervened through blurring timelines. The latter is suggested [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/LoveAndDeepspace/comments/1hasvxt/comment/m1bxc17/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web3x&utm_name=web3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button) and each interpretation has interesting supporting evidence:

Evidence for Dr. Zayne: 
* After William dies, there's literal blood on his hands, and a reference to [[black ice]] reminiscent of Dawnbreaker
* Zayne specifically sees there's no other option and life can be shockingly ugly at times
* That Dawnbreaker is just another part of his visions, haunting him now that he's "become" a killer is a straightforward explanation

Evidence for Dawnbreaker:
* The narrative specifically doesn't mention the source of the killing blow
* The blood on Zayne's hands could be his own, as his own crystals pierce him even in the main timeline, and he soon realizes he's in a pool of his own blood

A third interpretation is that this ambiguity is intentional, and perhaps Dr. Zayne himself doesn't know. The blurring of Zayne and Dawnbreaker is a key theme, especially in [[03-A Thorns Under the Moon]], where Dr. Zayne wields [[black ice]].

# 01 Night's Daytime Brightness
We start with one of [[Zayne's Dawnbreaker dreams]]:
> All Zayne sees is a world of ice and snow. He steps over dozens of bodies, blood still dripping from his hands. With a wave, dark crystals pierce through several other still struggling.
> There are no screams. It's so quiet that only the sound of his own footsteps can be heard. There is only a shivering little boy. Zayne stands before him, his shadow looming across the boy's blood-covered face.
> Afraid, the boy is silent. He can only look up at Zayne with wide, shining eyes.
> After a moment of silence, the wind rises. Zayne raises his hand, dark crystals once again forming on his palm--

He awakes on a plane ride with [[Dr. Noah]] to [[Miran Airport]], reflecting that he's been having these dreams of death "for the past ten years".
* In this anecdote, [[Dr. Noah]] is identified only as "his mentor", but [[WU-01 Longly Flame]] clearly confirms his identity.
* ((If this 10 years is exact, he's 22 at the time, which is consistent with him having graduated this year. See also [[Zayne#Timeline]]))

[[Dr. Noah]] comforts what he perceives as [[Zayne]]'s nerves, saying that he's "only just started working and now you're being sent to the [[Arctic]] for an important rescue mission."
* ((This implies that [[Zayne]] graduated this year, which is consistent with him being 22 and it being 10 years since the dreams started when he was 12.))
* This rescue mission is due to the [[Mt Eternal incident]].

They arrive at [[Miran Airport]] then take a helicoptor to the [[Evol Special Rescue Unit]] on the mountain's southern side. As they arrive, there's an emergency--a 23 year old patient has a bullet next to his heart and [[William]] is already in surgery. [[Zayne]] jumps into action, starting surgery and even performing open-chest CPR, which has a notoriously low success rate. He's able to stabilize the patient.

Meanwhile, he notices a suspicious spike on the Evol monitor nearby.

Shortly after, [[William]] finds him and introduces himself. He recognizes Zayne as a member of the 35th cohort of the [[Skyhaven School of Medicine]] eight-year combined MD-PhD program. He was in the 31st cohort, and his mentor is also [[Dr. Noah]]. He's now a medic on the [[Evol Special Rescue Unit]] and has been at [[Mt Eternal]] since the night of the initial incident. 

Zayne remembers that when he was an intern, William had taken him under his wing. [[William]] is excited to see that Zayne is "a real doctor now", confirming that [[Zayne]] has earned his MD this year.

As they discuss the current state of the operation, Zayne runs his finger over the two marks on the surface of his notebook that represent the two patients he hasn't been able to save. (Before the end of this anecdote, he'll add more tallies. See also: [[Zayne's notebook]])

There's a loud noise indicating another attack, so they prepare. Zayne notes the light of flashbombs on the mountain in the night, bright as daylight, which give this chapter its name.

# 02 Deathly Encounter
Days of nonstop work later, [[Zayne]]'s colleagues grow more and more exhausted, but he pushes forward, taking on their patients.

On a walk outside, Zayne runs into [[Captain Xander]], who he's now friendly with. Xander tells him to take a break, but Zayne lies that he just woke up. However, he can't remember the last time he slept--though he's too exhausted to have his nightmares. Not that reality is much kinder. Xander is setting up new temporary tents and notes that the [[Wanderer]]s seem endless, with more injuries than other rescue missions. Zayne considers the anomalous Evol readings. ((He's realizing that the [[Protofield]] is indeed summoning new Wanderers continuously, and needs to be destroyed at the source.))

There's an alarm--the same 23 year old that Zayne had performed open chest CPR on is again in cardiac arrest. They're unable to save him this time. The soldier was on [[William]]'s team, so he comes to get the death certificate from [[Zayne]], and notices how troubled the young doctor is. William assures him that they can't save everyone, and as long as they do their best, it's enough. Zayne insists he's fine.

He has another nightmare:
> Zayne is once again in that world of ice and snow.
> But this time, a white figure stands in place of the corpses and blood. Under the raging blizzard, Zayne walks toward him, dark crystals forming on his hands once more. The figure doesn't move. It's waiting to die.
> The moment the crystals soar, the wind stops. In that split second, Zayne sees the other mann.
> It's him in a white coat.

He awakes, reflecting on the tally marks on his notebook. There are now 5, three from this trip. 
> It's impossible to save everyone. He knows this better than anyone else. Yet still he insists, persists. The [[Grim Reaper]] in his dreams mocks him for his folly, futility, incompetence. It wants to kill his desire to save everyone.
> But he's not planning to give up.

# 03 Determination
A [[Wanderer]] attacks the operating room, but [[Zayne]] calmly protects the patient and kills it, then moves the patient to a new OR and successfully completes the surgery. 

[[Dr. Noah]] tells Zayne that he's been called back to [[Linkon]] since he's too valuable to risk on this dangerous mission, only for Zayne to confess he's been approved to join William's team on the [[Evol Special Rescue Unit]]. He's going on the mission to the center of the [[Protofield]]. Dr. Noah is furious, not wanting Zayne to risk himself like this.

[[William]] empathizes with [[Dr. Noah]], but welcomes [[Zayne]] to the team (led by [[Captain Xander]]), promising to get him back in one piece.

# 04 Through Troubled Times
A week later, the team heads out, 30 strong. Their destination is a valley of the northern cliff of [[Mt Eternal]], where they suspect the center of the [[Protofield]] to be. By finding the center, they can eliminate the [[Protofield]] and the source of the waves of [[Wanderer]]s.

Given the danger of the mission, [[William]] asks [[Zayne]] who he's addressed his will to. Zayne reflects the question back, and William promises to introduce them after the mission. ((This is a reference to his girlfriend [[Sienna]], and tragically he doesn't make it back.))

They fight their way into the Protofield, each casualty becoming another tally on [[Zayne's notebook]], and Zayne is forced to join the fight as a soldier.
> The [[Grim Reaper]] in his dreams appears once again, staring at him with cold eyes.

As [[Zayne]] wraps his wounds, [[William]] confronts him--Zayne should have stayed safer so that his arm wasn't injured so he can continue to be an effective medic. He's noticed that [[Zayne]] is more persistent--almost desperate--to safe every patient, even compared to dedicated medical staff. But Zayne denies there being any specific reason for this. William persists, and finally, Zayne relents.
> "Years ago," he says after a long time, "I almost killed someone important."
> William is surprised. "What happened?"
> Holding the ice-cold air with his right hand, Zayne lets it go.
> "I lost control of my Evol."
>
> That night, the blood in his hands kept dripping onto the ground, dripping into his dreams. The summer when he was 12 was extraordinarily long. Every little thing--like the ivy climbing up the courtyard wall, the stall that sells popsicles, the swings in the park--is clear in his mind, as if it were yesterday.
> A snowstorm ended that summer.
> It was the first time a black-robed [[Grim Reaper]] appeared in his dreams.

# 05 A Long Way Home
((This starts with the note "the day grows shorter", potentially indicating the events occur after June 21st (the summer equinox), but it may just be thematic.))

The group reaches the valley, and over 15 of the original team members have died. (This means the tallies on [[Zayne's notebook]] now number more than 20.) Finally, they've neared the [[Protofield]]'s center. The team goes through some jargon as they set up the anti-[[Protofield]] equipment.

But then a major fluctuation occurs along with a surge in the blizzard. Wanderers appear. Zayne protects a team member with an ice wall, then freezes his own feet to the ground to keep himself standing. He clutches his right arm with his left, a gesture usually associated with [[Zayne losing control of his Evol]]. He becomes the team's sole defense as they evacuate.

They successfully destroy the [[Protofield]], allowing HQ to get their signal and send in a rescue team. The next morning, [[Zayne]] is the only one conscious enough to hear the message from HQ. Exhausted, he drags out his unconscious team members from the snow and figures out who's alive. [[William]] is conscious too, though injured, and the friends share a moment of relief that they've made it. ((A little too soon.))

[[William]] goes to get heating supplies from their bunker, but [[Zayne]] calls out to him.
> "What is it?" William turns around.
> Unable to speak, Zayne points.
> Confused, William looks down.
> An eerie blue glow appears on his chest. Crystals, beautiful and sinister, slowly begin to spread.

# 06 The Nightmare Worsens
The narrative details [[William]]'s transformation (edited to focus on the transformation itself):
> "What is this?"
> Suspicious, [[William]] touches them. He finds the fine [[black crystals]] are now growing on his hand and sting. He tries to wipe them off, fling them off, even use his [[Evol]] to get rid of them. The crystals continue to grow. \[...]
> It all happens so suddenly.
> The crystals accumulate, and William's expression goes from surprised to panicked. "W-what's going on?!"
> But the crystals don't give him any time to react. Within seconds, his limbs corrode, twisting into uncomfortable, strange positions. The air around him explodes. \[...] His bones and muscles are torn and start to dissolve. he cries out in pain.
> \[...] The crystals, consuming bone, devouring marrow, climb to his neck. HIs arms, moving on their own, attack [[Zayne]]. William watches with dread as his body becomes twisted and gnarled.
> "It's already too late... Kill me!"
> \[...] The tissue underneath the crystals rapidly forms a strange shell. \[...] Crystals have encased William's body, leaving only his eyes, which stare at Zayne with a mix of pain and hope.

As [[William]] transforms, [[Zayne]] desperately tries to help him--reaching out, repeatedly trying to freeze the crystals. William warns him to stay back, especially after the explosion knocks Zayne away, but still, he persists. The crystals fly outwards, injuring Zayne, as William continues to try to convince him that he's beyond help. He finally accepts there's nothing he can do. Zayne is reminded of the figures in his dreams, also begging to be killed. ((Like in those dreams, [[William]] is turning into an [[Abomination]].)) 

>Snow falls again.
>Zayne moves his stiff fingers. The icicles in his palm are coated in blood, soaked with a boundless black.
* ((This is also a reference to the [[black ice]] that [[Zayne - Dawnbreaker]] wields.))
* ((See above for a more detailed discussion of whether it's Dr. Zayne or Dawnbreaker that kills William here. Note that the literal blood on Zayne's hands could be [[William]]'s, but shortly after, Zayne notices that he's in a pool of his own blood. Even in the mains tory timeline, his own crystals pierce his skin and leave scars [[01-02.03 Powder Keg]].))

William's body dissipates into grayish-blue smoke, like a [[Wanderer]].  Then, Zayne has another dream-like vision:
> The people he killed in his dreams appear once more. Body after body sprawled in front of him, turning the valley into a giant tomb.
> The wind reverberates into a mournful howl, sounding like a sorrowful cry from the sky or the cries and wails of countless people on the verge of death. Warm, sticky blood gurgles, melting the crystalized snow, which quickly freezes again. It melts and freezes over and over, turning into a tombstone. Zayne watches one of these winding trails of blood. His blood.
> 
> He looks up. The [[Grim Reaper]] stands in the distance, watching him on the snowy mountain covered in blood and death.



Three years later (2046), [[Zayne]] receives the [[Linde Award]]. ((This is consistent with [[Zayne#Akso Hospital Biography]].)) [[Greyson]] gives him a hard time for not going to the ceremony in person, and [[Zayne]] makes an excuse about needing to be there for a patient. However, after he tosses the award in his drawer next to [[William]]'s martyr medal that [[Sienna]] gave him in [[WU-01 Longly Flame#01 The One Left]], it's clear that he feels he doesn't deserve the award.

Zayne reflects:
> William's crystal-covered body in his moments of death merges with the abnormal crystals in the patient's heart. The blizzard that covers [[Mt Eternal]] appears in front of him once more. The snow buried [[William]]'s body, and with it, all those secrets.
> 
> But strange crystals reappeared. The [[Grim Reaper]], hidden in the darkness, opens his merciless eyes once again.
> This uncertain, cursed fate is far from over.
* ((It seems most likely that the "abnormal crystals in the patient's heart" refers to the patient during Zayne's research before the [[Mt Eternal incident]] in [[WU-01 Longly Flame]], but it could also refer to the patient for whom he won the award. The comment that the "strange crystals reappeared" could mean that the crystals were seen in both patients, and were caused by the Wanderer exposure. This seems like the most likely conclusion, and is part of why the award would be so haunting. Zayne was able to help this patient, but not save [[William]].))
