Themes and Analysis/black crystals.md, before:

> "What is this?"
> Suspicious, William touches them. He finds the fine [[black crystals]] are now growing on his hand and sting. He tries to wipe them off, fling them off, even use his [[Evol]] to get rid of them. The crystals continue to grow.
> -- [[Never-Ending Winter#06 The Nightmare Worsens]]

> [[Georgie]] lowers his head, seeing blackened ice bloom like a flower on his chest.
> -- [[Still In Dark]], as [[Zayne - Dawnbreaker]] kills him with black ice when he turns into an Abomination

See also [[Zayne's death theme]] and [[human to Wanderer transformation]].

# Dual meaning
Black crystals serve an interesting dual meaning in the storytelling. 

In the main story timeline, the appearance of black crystals signals that the [[human to Wanderer transformation]] is imminent. [[WU-01 Longly Flame]] details [[Zayne]]'s research into using [[Protocore]] energy for heart restoration, but he cancelled this research when he saw [[black crystals]] appearing on a patient's heart. Dr. [[Carter]] tried to continue the research with [[X-Heart]], and ran into the same problem. The [[black crystals]] also play a key role in [[William]]'s transformation in [[Never-Ending Winter]].

But in the [[Zayne - Dawnbreaker]] timeline, [[Zayne]] himself seems to be the source of the [[black crystals]]. In [[Still In Dark]], lumps on the skin predict the transformation, not the appearance of black crystals. [[Zayne's Dawnbreaker dreams]] also feature him being the one to create the black crystals--they bloom across [[Georgie]]'s chest as he dies in a way conspicuously similar to [[Cabin 607's patient]] in [[WU-02 Snowy Stairs]]. Likewise, [[Zayne's Dawnbreaker dreams]] refer to "dark crystals" in his palm and piercing abominations.

Also, what's specifically noted as black ice crystals appear around the [[snow velvet]] in [[WU-09 No Morning#05 A Long Night]], causing [[Zayne]] to conclude it's beyond help, connecting the black ice to the broader theme of the black crystals.

## Commentary
This duality fits well with Zayne's overall theme of light and dark (see also [[Zayne#Light and Dark]]). In one timeline, black crystals signal that the transformation is imminent, and Zayne uses his own clear/white/bright Evol to try to stop them. In the other timeline, the transformation is different, and so it's Zayne's black/dark crystals that prevent the transformation. In both timelines, the eerie blue glow is present.

I think this duality is best understood from a symbolic/philosophical perspective than a sci-fi perspective. One version uses his Evol to extend lives where possible--the other uses his to end lives where necessary. When Dr. Zayne sees the black crystals, they evoke the haunting image of the [[Grim Reaper]] of his nightmares and feelings of guilt/responsibility.

#todo Be sure to revisit this in light of the additional information in Prologue to Tomorrow

Commit message:

Add Prologue to Tomorrow
Add the entirety of Prologue to Tomorrow as well as supporting information from the Public Account posts

Themes and Analysis/black crystals.md, after:

> "What is this?"
> Suspicious, William touches them. He finds the fine [[black crystals]] are now growing on his hand and sting. He tries to wipe them off, fling them off, even use his [[Evol]] to get rid of them. The crystals continue to grow.
> -- [[Never-Ending Winter#06 The Nightmare Worsens]]

> [[Georgie]] lowers his head, seeing blackened ice bloom like a flower on his chest.
> -- [[Still In Dark]], as [[Zayne - Dawnbreaker]] kills him with black ice when he turns into an Abomination

> "His biopsy results show that the crystals in his heart have a certain shape and structure that's different from the ones you'd see with [[Protocore Syndrome]]. Also... when he was admitted to the hospital, he caused a [[Metaflux]] burst."
> -- Greyson, [[03-A Thorns Under the Moon - 03]], about a [[Chansia Hospital]] patient.

See also [[Zayne's death theme]] and [[human to Wanderer transformation]].

# Dual meaning
Black crystals serve an interesting dual meaning in the storytelling. 

In the main story timeline, the appearance of black crystals signals that the [[human to Wanderer transformation]] is imminent. [[WU-01 Longly Flame]] details [[Zayne]]'s research into using [[Protocore]] energy for heart restoration, but he cancelled this research when he saw [[black crystals]] appearing on a patient's heart. Dr. [[Carter]] tried to continue the research with [[X-Heart]], and ran into the same problem. The [[black crystals]] also play a key role in [[William]]'s transformation in [[Never-Ending Winter]].

But in the [[Zayne - Dawnbreaker]] timeline, [[Zayne]] himself seems to be the source of the [[black crystals]]. In [[Still In Dark]], lumps on the skin predict the transformation, not the appearance of black crystals. [[Zayne's Dawnbreaker dreams]] also feature him being the one to create the black crystals--they bloom across [[Georgie]]'s chest as he dies in a way conspicuously similar to [[Cabin 607's patient]] in [[WU-02 Snowy Stairs]]. Likewise, [[Zayne's Dawnbreaker dreams]] refer to "dark crystals" in his palm and piercing abominations.

Also, what's specifically noted as black ice crystals appear around the [[snow velvet]] in [[WU-09 No Morning#05 A Long Night]], causing [[Zayne]] to conclude it's beyond help, connecting the black ice to the broader theme of the black crystals.

## Commentary
This duality fits well with Zayne's overall theme of light and dark (see also [[Zayne#Light and Dark]]). In one timeline, black crystals signal that the transformation is imminent, and Zayne uses his own clear/white/bright Evol to try to stop them. In the other timeline, the transformation is different, and so it's Zayne's black/dark crystals that prevent the transformation. In both timelines, the eerie blue glow is present.

I think this duality is best understood from a symbolic/philosophical perspective than a sci-fi perspective. One version uses his Evol to extend lives where possible--the other uses his to end lives where necessary. When Dr. Zayne sees the black crystals, they evoke the haunting image of the [[Grim Reaper]] of his nightmares and feelings of guilt/responsibility.

#todo Be sure to revisit this in light of the additional information in Prologue to Tomorrow
