Themes and Analysis/The Fountain of Atei.md, before:

> An unknown and dangerous project: they appear to be planning to transplant a [[Protocore]] into the human heart while implanting human consciousness into Wanderers.
> So far, the mastermind remains hidden...
> -- [[Classified Intel - N109 Zone]]

# Name
The name evokes the [Fountain of Youth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fountain_of_Youth), hinting at a goal of immortality, which we know is part of the [[X-Heart]] project that also involves exposing human hearts to [[Protocore]]s, and which [[Ever]] announced in the [[Public Account]] post [[Immortality No Longer a Dream!]] . We also know this goal of immortality was/will be achieved (at least in the version of the timeline [[Xavier]] is from, see also [[branching timelines]]) at the cost of feeding humans into the core of [[Philos]], giving rise to new [[Wanderer]]s. ([[Shooting Stars]])

CN: 阿忒之泉
MTL: Fountain of Ate
* 之 is "of"
* 泉 is "Fountain"
* 阿忒 is used phonetically as "Ātè", "Ah-tuh"/"Ah-tay", localised "Atei"
	* 阿 is the phonetic character for "ah", can also mean "to flatter" ([Google Translate](https://translate.google.com/details?sl=auto&tl=en&text=阿&op=translate))
	* 忒 is the phonetic character for "tè", can also mean "error", "excess", etc ([Google Translate](https://translate.google.com/details?sl=auto&tl=en&text=忒&op=translate))

Crucially, 阿忒 is the CN name for the Greek goddess of moral blindness, Ate. Compare the CN Wikipedia entry for [阿忒](https://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/阿忒) to the english entry for [Ate](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ate_(mythology)).
* Primarily an allegorical goddess, as opposed to a fully fleshed diety
* Representing moral blindness and error, she could blind the mind of both gods and men leading them astray. She evokes recklessness and ill-considered actions.
* In Homer, _atē_ is something inflicted by the gods; it causes delusion, then folly, then disaster

So, we can then understand the full poetic meaning: The Fountain of Atei represents an effort to find immortality/youth that is ultimately one of self-deception and recklessness, which will ultimately lead to disaster.

# Consciousness
The game includes the concept of [[consciousness energy]] which exists and persists in the universe, and may come up later with the angle of implanting human consciousness into [[Wanderer]]s.

Commit message:

Add Homecoming Wings Part 2 - Night Unending

Themes and Analysis/The Fountain of Atei.md, after:

> An unknown and dangerous project: they appear to be planning to transplant a [[Protocore]] into the human heart while implanting human consciousness into Wanderers.
> So far, the mastermind remains hidden...
> -- [[Classified Intel - N109 Zone]]

# Known Info

* [[Sylus]] is aware of [[The Fountain of Atei]], though in [[02-01.05 Desire]] he says he doesn't care about other peoples' business.
* [[Ever]] is behind the project.
* [[Professor Lucius]] is heavily involved.
* At the end of [[04 Homecoming Wings]], the plan is about to be put into motion.

# Poem
[[04 Homecoming Wings]] ends with this poem:
> In a forest where shattered stars rest, a crystalline pool appears.
> As if infused with the wine of life, it's clear yet murky.
> Young Traveler, do not drink from it.
> Lost Lover, do not drink from it.
> But when flowers wither in their sleep, when winds fall silent, when the vigilant owl closes its eyes--
> Only then can you drink deep of these waters.
> Let the Dead sing:
> "O Fountain of Atei! Cleanse my time, nourish my flesh, spare me from the loneliness of eternal rest!
> Spare me from the loneliness of eternal rest..."

# Name
The name evokes the [Fountain of Youth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fountain_of_Youth), hinting at a goal of immortality, which we know is part of the [[X-Heart]] project that also involves exposing human hearts to [[Protocore]]s, and which [[Ever]] announced in the [[Public Account]] post [[Immortality No Longer a Dream!]] . We also know this goal of immortality was/will be achieved (at least in the version of the timeline [[Xavier]] is from, see also [[branching timelines]]) at the cost of feeding humans into the core of [[Philos]], giving rise to new [[Wanderer]]s. ([[Shooting Stars]])

CN: 阿忒之泉
MTL: Fountain of Ate
* 之 is "of"
* 泉 is "Fountain"
* 阿忒 is used phonetically as "Ātè", "Ah-tuh"/"Ah-tay", localised "Atei"
	* 阿 is the phonetic character for "ah", can also mean "to flatter" ([Google Translate](https://translate.google.com/details?sl=auto&tl=en&text=阿&op=translate))
	* 忒 is the phonetic character for "tè", can also mean "error", "excess", etc ([Google Translate](https://translate.google.com/details?sl=auto&tl=en&text=忒&op=translate))

Crucially, 阿忒 is the CN name for the Greek goddess of moral blindness, Ate. Compare the CN Wikipedia entry for [阿忒](https://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/阿忒) to the english entry for [Ate](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ate_(mythology)).
* Primarily an allegorical goddess, as opposed to a fully fleshed diety
* Representing moral blindness and error, she could blind the mind of both gods and men leading them astray. She evokes recklessness and ill-considered actions.
* In Homer, _atē_ is something inflicted by the gods; it causes delusion, then folly, then disaster

So, we can then understand the full poetic meaning: The Fountain of Atei represents an effort to find immortality/youth that is ultimately one of self-deception and recklessness, which will ultimately lead to disaster.

# Consciousness
The game includes the concept of [[consciousness energy]] which exists and persists in the universe, and may come up later with the angle of implanting human consciousness into [[Wanderer]]s.
