Themes and Analysis/Xavier vs. Sylus.md, before:

Xavier and Sylus are both otherwordly and immortal beings with unusually strong Evols who originate from [[Philos]] and cross space and time to find [[MC]]. Xavier is a noble Knight/Prince with light-themed powers who tragically makes promises to MC that he cannot keep. Sylus is an "evil" Dragon with dark/demon-themed powers who always keeps his promises.

See also: [[!LI Foils Index]]
# Shared traits
* From [[Philos]]
* Effectively immortal
* Light-haired
* Traveled across space and time to find [[MC]]
* Unusually powerful and rare Evols
* God-like theming
	* Xavier with the sleepy god trope
	* Sylus with the dragon god trope
# Contrasting traits

| Xavier                                                                                                 | Sylus                                                                                        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Light-themed powers                                                                                    | Darkness/demonic-themed powers                                                               |
| Noble Knight/Prince                                                                                    | "Evil" Dragon                                                                                |
| Fails to prevent the death of his original MC ([[Academy MC]])                                         | Succeeds at preventing the death of his original MC ([[Sorceress MC]])                       |
| Associated with [[Queen MC]]                                                                           | Associated with "evil"/"witch" MC                                                            |
| Cagey with his affection and history with MC                                                           | Relatively straightforward and open about his affection and history with MC (to a point)     |
| History as a law enforcer ([[Xavier - Evol Police]])                                                   | History as an outlaw ([[Land of Lost]])                                                      |
| Makes many promises to MC that he fails to keep (eg returning to her, always being there for her, etc) | Has never failed to keep a promise to MC                                                     |
| Outwardly passive, reveals a possessive and dominating side                                            | Outwardly dominating and powerful, reveals a sensitive and trusting side                     |
| Power limited externally ([[suppression collar]])                                                      | Power limited internally, i.e. by exercising restraint (not out of mercy so much as boredom) |
| Hides his true power level from others, keeps to the sidelines usually                                 | Flaunts his power to control and influence others, comfortable in the spotlight              |

Commit message:

Add Long Awaited Revelry and Beyond Cloudfall
Add the Long Awaited Revelry main story arc, and Sylus's Beyond Cloudfall myth (as these two are highly inter-related). Plus some misc clean-up.

Themes and Analysis/Xavier vs. Sylus.md, after:

[[Xavier]] and [[Sylus]] are both otherwordly and immortal beings with unusually strong Evols who originate from [[Philos]] and cross space and time to find [[MC]]. Xavier is a noble Knight/Prince with light-themed powers who tragically makes promises to MC that he cannot keep. Sylus is an "evil" Dragon with dark/demon-themed powers who always keeps his promises.

See also: [[!LI Foils Index]]
# Shared traits
* From [[Philos]]
* Effectively immortal
* Light-haired
* Traveled across space and time to find [[MC]]
	* Specifically, traveled back in time
	* Xavier traveled via the [[Traceback II]] and the [[Deepspace Tunnel]]
	* It's reasonable to assume that Sylus's journey on his personal ship also used the [[Deepspace Tunnel]], though perhaps with access to better tech than [[Xavier]]'s crew, since [[Sylus]] is likely from a further future age on [[Philos]], given that immortality doesn't seem to be common anymore
* Unusually powerful and rare Evols
* God-like theming
	* Xavier with the sleepy god trope
	* Sylus with the dragon god trope
# Contrasting traits

| Xavier                                                                                                 | Sylus                                                                                                                               |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Light-themed powers                                                                                    | Darkness/demonic-themed powers                                                                                                      |
| Noble Knight/Prince                                                                                    | "Evil" Dragon                                                                                                                       |
| Fails to prevent the death of his original MC ([[Academy MC]])                                         | Succeeds at preventing the death of his original MC ([[Sorceress MC]])                                                              |
| Associated with [[Queen MC]]                                                                           | Associated with "evil"/"witch" MC                                                                                                   |
| Cagey with his affection and history with MC                                                           | Relatively straightforward and open about his affection and history with MC (to a point)                                            |
| History as a law enforcer ([[Xavier - Evol Police]])                                                   | History as an outlaw ([[Land of Lost]])                                                                                             |
| Makes many promises to MC that he fails to keep (eg returning to her, always being there for her, etc) | Has never failed to keep a promise to MC                                                                                            |
| Outwardly passive, reveals a possessive and dominating side                                            | Outwardly dominating and powerful, reveals a sensitive and trusting side                                                            |
| Power limited externally ([[suppression collar]])                                                      | Power limited internally, mostly by exercising restraint ("violence should be used strategically") and also by an 'internal tether' |
| Hides his true power level from others, keeps to the sidelines usually                                 | Sometimes flaunts his power to control and influence others, comfortable in the spotlight                                           |
| Able to resonate the first time they meet                                                              | Resonance is an ongoing struggle                                                                                                    |
