[[Public Account]] post:
> **We Will Eventually Reach The End Of Deepspace**

# Key Info
> \[...] Ms. Tiana \[is] an esteemed expert from the Deepspace Academy and former researcher from the Deepspace Aviation Administration

> Q: \[...] Recently, there's been a theory about [[Metaflux]] serving as an elusive dark energy in the universe. It's generated by life's activities. Also, it is believed that what lies on the other side of the [[Deepspace Tunnel]] is an energy field that's made up of this dark energy. Any thoughts?  
> A: This theory was proposed to explain the reason for the universe's accelerating expansion. There must be a "repulsive force" that drives all matter in the universe apart, which causes it to expand. During our lifetime, our brains consume energy to generate consciousness, and that consciousness is then turned into heat. Doing activities uses this heat energy. However, some aspects of consciousness, such as memories, cognition, and thoughts, persist even after death. As energy cannot be created or destroyed, this "consciousness energy" might enter the environment. Consequently, as more life ceases to exist, the "consciousness energy" in the universe accumulates. It would contribute to the expansion of the universe. However, it's important to note that dark matter and dark energy, both unobservable, supposedly exist throughout the universe. They don't converge into a specific energy field.
* See also [[consciousness energy]], [[The Enduring, Death-Defying Consciousness!]]

> Q: According to what we know so far, the Deepspace Tunnel distorts [[spacetime]]. So, is it possible to gain insight into our future by accessing the consciousness energy within it?   
> A: The concept of "the past, present, and future" is deeply rooted in our perception of time. But does time really exist? Understandably, what we perceive as the future has already transpired on a universal scale. In any case, as ordinary individuals, we are bound by a unidirectional experience of time. Since we cannot access our "future consciousness," we are still unaware of what lies ahead. 

> Q: Humor us for a second. Let's say there's an individual whose consciousness persists across the universe and their consciousness isn't consumed or transformed. If they obtained all the consciousness energy belonging to them in each cycle of rebirth, could they become an omniscient and omnipotent god?   
> A: It's possible. Imagine that at every moment we perceive, there exists the same individual, irrespective of the past, present, or future. From their perspective, our future has already unfolded and cannot be altered. However, within their realm, a future may still exist. 
* ((This is a hint at [[MC]]'s nature, as she's been reincarnated over time and is starting to regain memories from other lives))

> Q: I wonder where the world's first consciousness came from...   
> A: If humanity were to advance technologically to the point where we could harness a star's worth of energy, would it be possible for us to create a star system with a habitable area? Could it eventually give rise to life on a planet that's within it? In this hypothetical scenario, the first consciousness would emerge from our creation. However, this is just a hypothesis. But it allows for individual interpretation and imagination. 
* ((This is a hint at [[Philos]], especially its artificial core, and perhaps even that the planet has its own consciousness.))

[lads.wiki full text](https://lads.wiki/wiki/End_of_Deepspace_(Article))