Evol and Protocores/Protofield.md, before:

# Spacepedia
Wanderers create an alternate dimension using an energy field. Currently, all relevant information is from hunters who've fought them. Because of the threats lurking in these mysterious Protofields, the [[Hunters Association]] requires two [[Evolver]]s to be present so they can support each other. They must also be ready to retreat should one of them encounter any danger.

**Stellacrum**
The spectrographic image, generated by scanning energy waves within a planet's Protofield using Protofield Imaging, reveals the fluctuating properties of [[Metaflux]] during combat.
So far, six types of Stellacrum have been identified: Emerald, Sapphire, Violet, Amber, Ruby, and Pearl. When the Stellacrum used in combat matches the ones on the field, its effects are amplified twofold.

((The use of "planet" here is a bit confusing, likely due to CN having one word that means "star", "planet", and "celestial body". Perhaps a more helpful localization of "within a planet's Protofield" is "within an entity's Protofield", or "within a Proocore's Protofield" since in context it's more of a vague reference to what's creating the field, not specificially to a "planet" as we understand it in EN sci-fi. Note also that a [[Protocore]] is compared to a planet (or star) in [[01-03.10 Invitation]]))

# Other Info
In practice, Protofields are both a dimension that [[Wanderer]]s can pull hunters into (depicted as shimmering blue portals) and also a sort of field of influence that they can project out. "Protofield anomalies" can be observed without going into one, and can cause changes in the surrounding [[Metaflux]], including summoning more [[Wanderer]]s. ([[Never-Ending Winter]], [[01-05.10 Battle - Freezing Cold - Challenge]], [[N109 Zone]], etc.)

Commit message:

Add Prologue to Tomorrow
Add the entirety of Prologue to Tomorrow as well as supporting information from the Public Account posts

Evol and Protocores/Protofield.md, after:

> As all hunters know, Wanderers are monsters formed by Metaflux, a mysterious energy from Deepspace. For reasons yet to be discovered, we struggle to deal the killing blow to them in our world. And once a Wanderer finds a chance to escape, it retreats into a dimension of its own making: the Protofield. It's hypothesized that Protofields might be a type of spacetime rift. Once we enter these Protofields, we can effectively eliminate Wanderers, and the Protofields they generate will also vanish.
> -- [[Hunter Trivia - Protofields]]
# Spacepedia
Wanderers create an alternate dimension using an energy field. Currently, all relevant information is from hunters who've fought them. Because of the threats lurking in these mysterious Protofields, the [[Hunters Association]] requires two [[Evolver]]s to be present so they can support each other. They must also be ready to retreat should one of them encounter any danger.

**Stellacrum**
The spectrographic image, generated by scanning energy waves within a planet's Protofield using Protofield Imaging, reveals the fluctuating properties of [[Metaflux]] during combat.
So far, six types of Stellacrum have been identified: Emerald, Sapphire, Violet, Amber, Ruby, and Pearl. When the Stellacrum used in combat matches the ones on the field, its effects are amplified twofold.

((The use of "planet" here is a bit confusing, due to [[celestial bodies in CN]] not differentiating between stars and planets. Perhaps a more helpful localization of "within a planet's Protofield" is "within an entity's Protofield", or "within a Protocore's Protofield" since in context it's more of a vague reference to what's creating the field, not specifically to a "planet" as we understand it in EN sci-fi. Note also that a [[Protocore]] is compared to a planet (or star) in [[01-03.10 Invitation]]))

# Other Info
In practice, Protofields are both a dimension that [[Wanderer]]s can pull hunters into (depicted as shimmering blue portals) and also a sort of field of influence that they can project out. "Protofield anomalies" can be observed without going into one, and can cause changes in the surrounding [[Metaflux]], including summoning more [[Wanderer]]s. ([[Never-Ending Winter]], [[01-05.10 Battle - Freezing Cold - Challenge]], [[N109 Zone]], etc.)

## N109 Zone
The N109 Zone's [[Protofield]], which lies directly beneath the [[Deepspace Tunnel]], is so powerful and chaotic that not even light can pass through it, casting the area into constant darkness. ([[Land of Lost#06 Journey Begins]])
