Items and Tech/Aether Core.md, before:

> "I'm thinking about what an Aether Core is, and why it was fused with my heart." 
> -- [[MC]], [[01-05.03 Beyond Expectations]]

> "Aether was originally something philosophers came up with--the fifth element, so to speak." 
> -- [[Dr. Noah]], [[01-05.07 Aether Core]]
# Spacepedia
For reasons unknown, the Protocore that resides within my heart is a secret known to only a select few.
Aether Cores, their power surpassing that of a regular [[Protocore]], attracts anyone aware of their existence. Maybe it has something to do with [[Grandma]]'s past and what happened to my family...

* [[Sylus's Eye]]
* [[Complete Aether Core Structure]]
* [[Spatium Core]]

# Other Info

## MC starts with half of an Aether Core
In [[02-01.08 Hesitation]], it's specifically confirmed by [[Philip]] that [[MC]] has half an Aether Core in/around her heart, and the other half is the one that will be available at the [[Protocore auction]] hosted by [[Sherman]]'s branch of [[Onychinus]].

Given that [[Josephine's secret notes]] mention [[MC]]'s energy readings dropped to half their previous value after the time she spent alone during the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]], this is likely when the other half of the Aether Core's power was separated from MC. It then existed independently from that point until MC reabsorbs it in [[02-02 Breakthrough]].

Commit message:

Add Prologue to Tomorrow
Add the entirety of Prologue to Tomorrow as well as supporting information from the Public Account posts

Items and Tech/Aether Core.md, after:

> "I'm thinking about what an Aether Core is, and why it was fused with my heart." 
> -- [[MC]], [[01-05.03 Beyond Expectations]]

> "Aether was originally something philosophers came up with--the fifth element, so to speak." 
> -- [[Dr. Noah]], [[01-05.07 Aether Core]]

> My hand touches my chest, the warmth pulsing like another heartbeat.
> -- [[MC]] POV, [[03-01.01 Imbalance]] (After her [[Aether Core]] is whole again)

> "Their power comes from the very core of the cosmos. If fully awakened, they would spell disaster for the world."
> -- [[Xavier]], [[03-C Voyage of the Outcast - 01]]
# Spacepedia
For reasons unknown, the Protocore that resides within my heart is a secret known to only a select few.
Aether Cores, their power surpassing that of a regular [[Protocore]], attracts anyone aware of their existence. Maybe it has something to do with [[Grandma]]'s past and what happened to my family...

* [[Sylus's Eye]]
* [[Complete Aether Core Structure]]
* [[Spatium Core]]

# Other Info

## MC starts with half of an Aether Core
In [[02-01.08 Hesitation]], it's specifically confirmed by [[Philip]] that [[MC]] has half an Aether Core in/around her heart, and the other half is the one that will be available at the [[Protocore auction]] hosted by [[Sherman]]'s branch of [[Onychinus]].

Given that [[Josephine's secret notes]] mention [[MC]]'s energy readings dropped to half their previous value after the time she spent alone during the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]], this is likely when the other half of the Aether Core's power was separated from MC. It then existed independently from that point until MC reabsorbs it in [[02-02 Breakthrough]].
