Items and Tech/suppression collar.md, before:


From [[WU-07 With Light#04 Has the Light Vanished?]]:
> "...Light Evol has been detected. Evolver's Evol limit cannot be defined."
> "Any attempts to probe its limit triggers a special neck suppressor, which prevents the Evolver from using their full power."
> "The techies can't explain it. No physical form deetected, no scars, and the energy supression field acts like a [[Protofield]] anomaly."
> "After conducting a series of experiments in the lab, the techies finally unraveled the suppressor's mechanism. They boosted its threshold and got a bsic understanding of some of its mechanisms."
> Below the text is a close-up of someone's throat, the Evol supressor pulsating as a vicious, constrictive red ring of light.
> -- [[Nero]] POV, [[WU-07 With Light#04 Has the Light Vanished?]]


[[Xavier]]'s [[Evol]] power is limited by a neck suppression collar. He first got this collar in [[When Shooting Stars Fall]], after defying his controlling family in an effort to help [[Academy MC]].

The [[Hunters Association]] was able to at least increase the threshold, but [[Xavier]]'s full power level is still limited.

[[03-C Voyage of the Outcast - 10]] hints that MC's power, especially with the [[Aether Core]], can temporarily override this limit.

Commit message:

Add new content
Death and Rebirth up thru Part 1 Chapter 5

And Misc Xavier memories including Feverish Attempts

Add assorted Xavier memories

Feverish Attempts, Heartfelt Code, Perfect Sunset, Plushie Go Go

Items and Tech/suppression collar.md, after:


> "...It's a device that suppresses Evol. I can't remove it, and overusing my Evol triggers some side effects."
> -- [[Xavier]], [[Feverish Attempts]]

*See also: [[#Additional Quotes]]*

[[Xavier]]'s [[Evol]] power is limited by a neck suppression collar. He first got this collar in [[When Shooting Stars Fall]], after defying his controlling family in an effort to help [[Academy MC]].

The [[Hunters Association]] was able to at least increase the threshold, but [[Xavier]]'s full power level is still limited.

[[03-C Voyage of the Outcast - 10]] hints that MC's power, especially with the [[Aether Core]], can temporarily override this limit.

In [[Feverish Attempts]], it's revealed that over-use of his Evol can also trigger a fever due to the [[suppression collar]].

# Additional Quotes
From [[WU-07 With Light#04 Has the Light Vanished?]]:
> "...Light Evol has been detected. Evolver's Evol limit cannot be defined."
> "Any attempts to probe its limit triggers a special neck suppressor, which prevents the Evolver from using their full power."
> "The techies can't explain it. No physical form detected, no scars, and the energy suppression field acts like a [[Protofield]] anomaly."
> "After conducting a series of experiments in the lab, the techies finally unraveled the suppressor's mechanism. They boosted its threshold and got a basic understanding of some of its mechanisms."
> Below the text is a close-up of someone's throat, the Evol suppressor pulsating as a vicious, constrictive red ring of light.
> -- [[Nero]] POV, [[WU-07 With Light#04 Has the Light Vanished?]]

From [[Feverish Attempts]]:
> *Something falls from his hand. Upon getting a closer look, I see it's a syringe.*
> *I catch another glimpse of that red glow under his collar. Now it all makes sense.*
> MC: ...ls that thing causing your fever?
> *Noticing my gaze, Xavier lifts his hand and tugs his shirt.*
> *An almost transparent collar tightly clings to his neck. Its red light steadily blinks.*
> Xavier: ...It's a device that suppresses Evol. I can't remove it, and overusing my Evol triggers some side effects. I have something that can help. In my pocket...
> *I pick up the syringe and find a vial of medicine in his pocket.*
> Xavier: I'm too weak to do it myself. Help me... Please.
