Items and Tech/Traceback II.md, before:

> If someone told him hundreds of years ago, back when the [[Traceback II]] was riddled with holes from an asteroid as they were in cosmic turbulence, he would face the mundane problem of greasy dishes, he would've laughed.
> -- [[Jeremiah]] POV, [[WU-04 From The Stars#02 Home]]

> Asteroids, turbulence, and the collapse of wormholes couldn't tear Traceback II's team apart. With [[Xavier]] there, they managed to break through the universe's most impregnable spacetime barrier.
> -- [[Jeremiah]] POV, [[WU-04 From The Stars#02 Home]]

> "It can break through even the most chaotic gravitational energy flux."
> -- [[Xavier]], [[03-C Voyage of the Outcast - 10]]


# Journey to Earth
The long journey took them through many unfamiliar galaxies, through peaceful cosmic white noise and harrowing turbulence. The journey felt endless, though they passed much of it in hibernation pods. ([[WU-04 From The Stars#03 Waterfall Inside Forest]]).

There was a mistake in their destination ([[01-08.07 Stellar Guidance]]) though Earth in the Orion galaxy was always the target ([[01-08.10 Trap]], [[cosmic cinematic]]).

 > Something messed with the slipspace during the Backtrack. The spaceship couldn't handle the [[Deepspace Tunnel]] fluctuations. Both she and the [[Aether Core]] vanished without a trace. For all we know, they might already be cosmic dust.
> -- [[Noah]] about [[MC]], [[Passing By#04 Old Friend]]
# Crash site
The ship crashed on Earth in a forest. Part of the wreckage is underground. ([[WU-04 From The Stars]])

Eventually, [[Linkon]] City was built nearby, as was a secret signal station, but the ship remained hidden. After the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]], the area became [[No-Hunt Zone 7]], which features heavily in the main story chapter [[01-03 Talented Hunter]]. ((The descriptions of the no-hunt zone and of the forest in [[WU-04 From The Stars#03 Waterfall Inside Forest]] clearly parallel one another, especially the signal station.))

# Other Info
* It runs on [[Protocore]] Energy ([[03-C Voyage of the Outcast - 10]])
* It can use Evol as a backup fuel ([[03-C Voyage of the Outcast - 10]])

# Theories

## 214 years
Notably, [[Xavier]] first meets [[Academy MC]] 214 years after Earth was reborn as [[Philos]]. Conspicuously, [[Xavier's Trailer]] mentions that it's his 214th spring on Earth, and will be his last. The repeat of this number, combined with the "mistake" in the mission's journey, could be meaningful.

While an appealing explanation is that the [[Backtrackers]] were aiming for year 214 (214 years *after* Earth became Philos), but instead they landed at year *negative* 214, that is, 214 years *before* Earth became [[Philos]], Earth in the Orion galaxy was always the intended destination ([[cosmic cinematic#End of Long Awaited Revelry]]), meaning they were probably trying to land around the current main story timeline.

Still, the symmetry of 214 may be a hint that Earth is set to become Philos soon, as seemingly depicted in the [[cosmic cinematic#End of Long Awaited Revelry]].

One complicating aspect to this theory is the [[Zayne - Dawnbreaker]] timeline ([[Still In Dark]]). Characters mention that [[Wanderer]]s have been around for the past approx 50+ years. Nothing specifically confirms or disconfirms if these events could happen after the creation of [[Philos]], though there's no reference to Plates or immortality. It could be an alternate timeline where [[Philos]] isn't made, where it's made later, where the [[Wanderer]]s appeared earlier than 2034, etc. Definitely some [[spacetime]] shenanigans here.

## Vanishing Aether Core
In [[Passing By#04 Old Friend]], [[Noah]] mentions "Both she and the [[Aether Core]] vanished without a trace. For all we know, they might already be cosmic dust" in the context of their journey. From [[Josephine's secret notes]], we know that when [[MC]] first manifested the [[Aether Core]] in the main story timeline, she was killed a second time shortly thereafter.

It's possible that they were targeting a space-time point where both [[MC]] and the [[Aether Core]] existed, but when she was "killed" at the [[Gaia Research Center]], this "messed with the slipspace". However, there's no direct supporting evidence.

Commit message:

Add Silvery Polyphony
Fix an incorrect assumption that the Traceback II was in No Hunt Zone 7, incorporating the signal tower referenced in Silvery Polyphony.

Items and Tech/Traceback II.md, after:

> If someone told him hundreds of years ago, back when the [[Traceback II]] was riddled with holes from an asteroid as they were in cosmic turbulence, he would face the mundane problem of greasy dishes, he would've laughed.
> -- [[Jeremiah]] POV, [[WU-04 From The Stars#02 Home]]

> Asteroids, turbulence, and the collapse of wormholes couldn't tear Traceback II's team apart. With [[Xavier]] there, they managed to break through the universe's most impregnable spacetime barrier.
> -- [[Jeremiah]] POV, [[WU-04 From The Stars#02 Home]]

> "It can break through even the most chaotic gravitational energy flux."
> -- [[Xavier]], [[03-C Voyage of the Outcast - 10]]


# Journey to Earth
The long journey took them through many unfamiliar galaxies, through peaceful cosmic white noise and harrowing turbulence. The journey felt endless, though they passed much of it in hibernation pods. ([[WU-04 From The Stars#03 Waterfall Inside Forest]]).

There was a mistake in their destination ([[01-08.07 Stellar Guidance]]) though Earth in the Orion galaxy was always the target ([[01-08.10 Trap]], [[cosmic cinematic]]).

 > Something messed with the slipspace during the Backtrack. The spaceship couldn't handle the [[Deepspace Tunnel]] fluctuations. Both she and the [[Aether Core]] vanished without a trace. For all we know, they might already be cosmic dust.
> -- [[Noah]] about [[MC]], [[Passing By#04 Old Friend]]
# Crash site
The ship crashed on Earth in a forest. Part of the wreckage is underground. ([[WU-04 From The Stars]])

Eventually, [[Linkon]] City was built nearby, as was a secret signal station, but the ship remained hidden beyond a valley. After the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]], the area of the signal station became [[No-Hunt Zone 19]], which MC and Xavier visit in [[Silvery Polyphony]].

# Other Info
* It runs on [[Protocore]] Energy ([[03-C Voyage of the Outcast - 10]])
* It can use Evol as a backup fuel ([[03-C Voyage of the Outcast - 10]])

# Theories

## 214 years
Notably, [[Xavier]] first meets [[Academy MC]] 214 years after Earth was reborn as [[Philos]]. Conspicuously, [[Xavier's Trailer]] mentions that it's his 214th spring on Earth, and will be his last. The repeat of this number, combined with the "mistake" in the mission's journey, could be meaningful.

While an appealing explanation is that the [[Backtrackers]] were aiming for year 214 (214 years *after* Earth became Philos), but instead they landed at year *negative* 214, that is, 214 years *before* Earth became [[Philos]], Earth in the Orion galaxy was always the intended destination ([[cosmic cinematic#End of Long Awaited Revelry]]), meaning they were probably trying to land around the current main story timeline.

Still, the symmetry of 214 may be a hint that Earth is set to become Philos soon, as seemingly depicted in the [[cosmic cinematic#End of Long Awaited Revelry]].

One complicating aspect to this theory is the [[Zayne - Dawnbreaker]] timeline ([[Still In Dark]]). Characters mention that [[Wanderer]]s have been around for the past approx 50+ years. Nothing specifically confirms or disconfirms if these events could happen after the creation of [[Philos]], though there's no reference to Plates or immortality. It could be an alternate timeline where [[Philos]] isn't made, where it's made later, where the [[Wanderer]]s appeared earlier than 2034, etc. Definitely some [[spacetime]] shenanigans here.

## Vanishing Aether Core
In [[Passing By#04 Old Friend]], [[Noah]] mentions "Both she and the [[Aether Core]] vanished without a trace. For all we know, they might already be cosmic dust" in the context of their journey. From [[Josephine's secret notes]], we know that when [[MC]] first manifested the [[Aether Core]] in the main story timeline, she was killed a second time shortly thereafter.

It's possible that they were targeting a space-time point where both [[MC]] and the [[Aether Core]] existed, but when she was "killed" at the [[Gaia Research Center]], this "messed with the slipspace". However, there's no direct supporting evidence.
