Characters/Caleb.md, before:

> "Ever since Grandma took Caleb and me in, she hasn't stopped worrying about us..." 
> -- [[MC]], [[01-01.09 Rainfall Curtain]]

> "Caleb [...] becomes the center of attention wherever he goes like the sun. And what that kind of star radiates isn't warmth but rather brilliance, a blinding light in itself."
> -- [[Timothy]] POV, [[Pathless Realm#02 Dreams]]

> "He grasps the metal necklace he's wearing and brings the pendant to his lips for a gentle kiss. It's a ritual he performs before every flight."
> -- [[Pathless Realm#02 Dreams]]

> "Don't you remember our promise? You'll be the hunter, and I'll be the pilot. With you on the ground and me in the sky, the whole world will be ours."
> -- [[Pathless Realm#03 Night Flight]]

> "I belong beside you, not behind you."
> -- [[MC]] battle voiceline ( #todo confirm exact wording)
# Trivia
* hates cilantro ([[01-01.09 Rainfall Curtain]])

# Timeline
Due to high overlap, refer to [[MC#Timeline]]

# Academics
Caleb scored top marks in high school and consistently excelled at [[Aerospace Academy]], earning a "rising star" status. The only thing he ever scored poorly on was his mental health assessment. Though [[Caleb]]'s gravity Evol is a massive asset in dealing with the g forces of being a pilot, he doesn't slack in his studies.

As a third year student, he'd already been a three-time Comprehensive Aerial Tactics Competition Champion and was the only recipient of Special Excellence in Heavy Spacecruiser Certification in the past decade. He also broke the all-time record for a particularly challenging assessment designed by the [[Deepspace Aviation Administration]] that even professional [[Deepspace Pilot]]s struggled with. ([[WU-19 Serpent's Cast#05 Former Acquaintance]]) ((This certification originally put him on [[Professor Lucius]]'s radar.))

# Relationship to MC
In all localizations except EN, [[Caleb]] is explicitly referred to as [[MC]]'s adopted brother. This trope of romance with an adopted/step-brother is more common in the CN, JP, and KN markets.

Only the EN avoids this term, only ever calling him a "childhood friend". This is a fairly superficial decision, as they were raised together from MC's age 7/8 and Caleb's age 9/10, and it leaves some quirks in the EN localization. There's also a fair amount of step-brother romance in the EN market, though not as commonly as in the other markets.

Notably, before [[04 Homecoming Wings]] released, players received an in-game message from Linkon city hall. In the CN, JP, and KN markets, this message said that the legal relative status between MC, [[Grandma]], and [[Caleb]] was severed upon them being declared dead, making them technically no longer siblings. The EN message just mentioned picking up the death certificates, and not the relational status.

# Modifications
During the [[Bloomshore District explosion]], [[Caleb]] used is Gravity [[Evol]] to attempt to contain the blast, taking more damage than he would have otherwise. He was then recovered by [[Professor Lucius]], placed in a cryogenic unit, and integrated with a new bionic arm and [[Toring chip]] at the [[Toring Cyberkinetics Institute]]. He then became one of [[Professor Lucius]]'s "children", and is therefore beholden to Lucius's plans, which even go beyond those of the [[Farspace Fleet]] and [[Ever]].

Commit message:

Add Part 1 of Homecoming Wings

Characters/Caleb.md, after:

> "Ever since Grandma took Caleb and me in, she hasn't stopped worrying about us..." 
> -- [[MC]], [[01-01.09 Rainfall Curtain]]

> "Caleb [...] becomes the center of attention wherever he goes like the sun. And what that kind of star radiates isn't warmth but rather brilliance, a blinding light in itself."
> -- [[Timothy]] POV, [[Pathless Realm#02 Dreams]]

> "He grasps the metal necklace he's wearing and brings the pendant to his lips for a gentle kiss. It's a ritual he performs before every flight."
> -- [[Pathless Realm#02 Dreams]]

> "Don't you remember our promise? You'll be the hunter, and I'll be the pilot. With you on the ground and me in the sky, the whole world will be ours."
> -- [[Pathless Realm#03 Night Flight]]

> "I belong beside you, not behind you."
> -- [[MC]] battle voiceline ( #todo confirm exact wording)
# Trivia
* hates cilantro ([[01-01.09 Rainfall Curtain]])

# Timeline
Due to high overlap, refer to [[MC#Timeline]]

# Academics
Even as a kid, Caleb was always very popular. ([[04-01.05 Visitation]], [[Borrowed Promise]], etc)

Caleb scored top marks in high school and consistently excelled at [[Aerospace Academy]], earning a "rising star" status. The only thing he ever scored poorly on was his mental health assessment. Though [[Caleb]]'s gravity Evol is a massive asset in dealing with the g forces of being a pilot, he doesn't slack in his studies.

As a third year student, he'd already been a three-time Comprehensive Aerial Tactics Competition Champion and was the only recipient of Special Excellence in Heavy Spacecruiser Certification in the past decade. He also broke the all-time record for a particularly challenging assessment designed by the [[Deepspace Aviation Administration]] that even professional [[Deepspace Pilot]]s struggled with. ([[WU-19 Serpent's Cast#05 Former Acquaintance]]) ((This certification originally put him on [[Professor Lucius]]'s radar.))

# Relationship to MC
In all localizations except EN, [[Caleb]] is explicitly referred to as [[MC]]'s adopted brother. This trope of romance with an adopted/step-brother is more common in the CN, JP, and KN markets.

Only the EN avoids this term, only ever calling him a "childhood friend". This is a fairly superficial decision, as they were raised together from MC's age 7/8 and Caleb's age 9/10, and it leaves some quirks in the EN localization. There's also a fair amount of step-brother romance in the EN market, though not as commonly as in the other markets.

Notably, before [[04 Homecoming Wings]] released, players received an in-game message from Linkon city hall. In the CN, JP, and KN markets, this message said that the legal relative status between MC, [[Grandma]], and [[Caleb]] was severed upon them being declared dead, making them technically no longer siblings. The EN message just mentioned picking up the death certificates, and not the relational status.

# Cooking
Caleb often cooked for [[MC]] and [[Grandma]], and calls himself MC's "personal chef". His ultimate specialty is [[braised chicken wings]], but [[04-01.04 Gentle Gaze]] also lists sweet and sour fish and pork chops.

# Modifications
During the [[Bloomshore District explosion]], [[Caleb]] used is Gravity [[Evol]] to attempt to contain the blast, taking more damage than he would have otherwise. He was then recovered by [[Professor Lucius]], placed in a cryogenic unit, and integrated with a new bionic arm and [[Toring chip]] at the [[Toring Cyberkinetics Institute]]. He then became one of [[Professor Lucius]]'s "children", and is therefore beholden to Lucius's plans, which even go beyond those of the [[Farspace Fleet]] and [[Ever]].
