Locations/N109 Zone.md, before:

> "The N109 zone, once a hub for technological advancement, was destroyed during the disaster 14 years ago. It became a wasteland A [[Protofield]] has engulfed the no-hunt zone, isolating it from the outside world. [[Wanderer]]s and fog act as a natural barrier, rendering this area free from the government's and the Association's jurisdiction. Over time, countless misfits and exiles risked their lives to enter the N109 Zone. Various factions now exist in an area where violence and crime are the norm. The N109 Zone is now a lawless place, where morality is unheard of."
> -- [[01-06.01 Legendary Lumiere]]

> "That's a place even veteran hunters won't touch."
> -- [[Tara]], [[01-06.01 Legendary Lumiere]]

> "It's a dangerous place. One mistake and you forfeit your life."
> -- [[Xavier]], [[01-06.08 Evening Breeze]]

> "Linkon has become even more dangerous, and you're talking about entering a labyrinth. Forget about it. A hunter like you just going in there is like a lamb walking into a tiger's den."
> -- [[Rafayel]], [[01-07.02 Canvas Enigmas]]

> "The N109 Zone is like a beast lurking in the darkness. Its maw is wide open to devour everyone who stumbles in. The only way to cheat it is to find the master of this savage beast, and his name is [[Sylus]]."
> -- [[Luke and Kieran]] POV, [[WU-10 Mischief#02 Rumor]]
# Spacepedia
Once a bustling technology hub, it is now one of the most dangerous areas after the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]] occurred. Surrounded by other [[No-Hunt Zone]]s, it has evolved into a lawless land where danger and opportunity coexist. It is rife with violence and crime.
With illicit trade and dangerous research, many of its activities are related to [[Protocore]]s and [[Wanderer]]s. Its many benefits have driven countless outlaws to risk their lives.

**Origin of the name**: The N109 Zone, also known as [[No-Hunt Zone]] No. 109, does not belong to the 108 regions designated officially as no-hunt zones by the [[Hunters Association]]. Prolonged energy fluctuations and dangerous Wanderers are characteristic of a no-hunt zone. The [[Wanderer]] threat in the N109 Zone has been suppressed, but its inherent dangers persist due to the complex web of factions and poor living conditions. Consequently, it has earned the reputation of being "No-Hunt Zone No. 109" because it's difficult to enter and is even more dangerous than a typical no-hunt zone.

* [[Onychinus]]
* [[Odd Workshop]]
* [[Solon Hotel]]

**Sylus's Spacepedia Entry**
The leader of Onychinus is said to have built his empire on illegal [[Evol]] weapons and [[Protocore]] deals. He's the most influential, dominant figure in the [[N109 Zone]]. However, he hasn't been seen for a while.

Commit message:

Add Long Awaited Revelry and Beyond Cloudfall
Add the Long Awaited Revelry main story arc, and Sylus's Beyond Cloudfall myth (as these two are highly inter-related). Plus some misc clean-up.

Locations/N109 Zone.md, after:

> "The N109 zone, once a hub for technological advancement, was destroyed during the disaster 14 years ago. It became a wasteland A [[Protofield]] has engulfed the no-hunt zone, isolating it from the outside world. [[Wanderer]]s and fog act as a natural barrier, rendering this area free from the government's and the Association's jurisdiction. Over time, countless misfits and exiles risked their lives to enter the N109 Zone. Various factions now exist in an area where violence and crime are the norm. The N109 Zone is now a lawless place, where morality is unheard of."
> -- [[01-06.01 Legendary Lumiere]]

> "That's a place even veteran hunters won't touch."
> -- [[Tara]], [[01-06.01 Legendary Lumiere]]

> "It's a dangerous place. One mistake and you forfeit your life."
> -- [[Xavier]], [[01-06.08 Evening Breeze]]

> "Linkon has become even more dangerous, and you're talking about entering a labyrinth. Forget about it. A hunter like you just going in there is like a lamb walking into a tiger's den."
> -- [[Rafayel]], [[01-07.02 Canvas Enigmas]]

> "The N109 Zone is like a beast lurking in the darkness. Its maw is wide open to devour everyone who stumbles in. The only way to cheat it is to find the master of this savage beast, and his name is [[Sylus]]."
> -- [[Luke and Kieran]] POV, [[WU-10 Mischief#02 Rumor]]
# Spacepedia
Once a bustling technology hub, it is now one of the most dangerous areas after the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]] occurred. Surrounded by other [[No-Hunt Zone]]s, it has evolved into a lawless land where danger and opportunity coexist. It is rife with violence and crime.
With illicit trade and dangerous research, many of its activities are related to [[Protocore]]s and [[Wanderer]]s. Its many benefits have driven countless outlaws to risk their lives.

**Origin of the name**: The N109 Zone, also known as [[No-Hunt Zone]] No. 109, does not belong to the 108 regions designated officially as no-hunt zones by the [[Hunters Association]]. Prolonged energy fluctuations and dangerous Wanderers are characteristic of a no-hunt zone. The [[Wanderer]] threat in the N109 Zone has been suppressed, but its inherent dangers persist due to the complex web of factions and poor living conditions. Consequently, it has earned the reputation of being "No-Hunt Zone No. 109" because it's difficult to enter and is even more dangerous than a typical no-hunt zone.

* [[Onychinus]]
* [[Odd Workshop]]
* [[Solon Hotel]]

**Sylus's Spacepedia Entry**
The leader of [[Onychinus]] is said to have built his empire on illegal [[Evol]] weapons and [[Protocore]] deals. He's the most influential, dominant figure in the [[N109 Zone]]. However, he hasn't been seen for a while.

# Name Origin
The in-game explanation is that there are 108 No-Hunt Zones. 109 is also a callback to the [[Beyond Cloudfall]] myth--Sylus mentions that humans have tried to kill him 108 ways. MC represents the 109th.

> Occasionally, the dragon talks about himself. He speaks about the myriad of dragon-slaying weapons in his treasure trove and the 108 ways humans have tried to kill him.
> -- [[Beyond Cloudfall - Ch 5]]

Also note the symbolism of 108 in Chinese culture/fiction:
> **108** (一百零八) – the number One Hundred and Eight is steeped in symbolism, particularly with regards to [religion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/108_(number)#Religion_and_the_arts) and [martial arts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/108_(number)#Martial_arts).
> -- [ImmortalMountain](https://immortalmountain.wordpress.com/glossary/other-miscellaneous-terms/)
