Locations/No-Hunt Zone 7.md, before:

> "The energy fluctuations make it easy to get lost." 
> -- [[Xavier]], [[01-03.03 Reunion Under Moon]]

> "Many [[Tenebra]]e came here seeking the high-grade [[Protocore]]s to sell on the market. But after obtaining them, they were never seen again. [...] This forest is alive. It consumed them." 
> -- [[Xavier]], [[01-03.03 Reunion Under Moon]]
* Aspects of this may have been exaggerated to scare MC, but the [[Tenebra]]e note is likely true

A forested area with some ruins. Parts are more intact than others. There's an old signal station and a [[Flux Nexus]].

# Spacepedia
Originally a forest surrounding Linkon City, it was chosen as the location for a cosmic signal station. It was one of the places first attacked during the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]], and the signal station was destroyed. Now, a large number of [[Wanderer]]s live here.
# Other Info

## Traceback II
[[WU-04 From The Stars#03 Waterfall Inside Forest]] details [[Xavier]] visiting this area before the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]]. The signal station is a secret at that point in time, and the forest is peaceful. Hidden pas a dark valley is the crash site of the [[Traceback II]].

## Main Story
Key location in [[01-03 Talented Hunter]].

The area is fenced off with chain link and warning tape. The sign reads:
> No-hunt Zone No. 7
> Deepspace Hunters Shall Not Enter Without Permission
> EXTREMELY DANGEROUS
> NO TRESPASSING
> Deepspace [[Hunters Association]]
> [[Linkon]] City Chapter

Commit message:

Add Silvery Polyphony
Fix an incorrect assumption that the Traceback II was in No Hunt Zone 7, incorporating the signal tower referenced in Silvery Polyphony.

Locations/No-Hunt Zone 7.md, after:

> "The energy fluctuations make it easy to get lost." 
> -- [[Xavier]], [[01-03.03 Reunion Under Moon]]

> "Many [[Tenebra]]e came here seeking the high-grade [[Protocore]]s to sell on the market. But after obtaining them, they were never seen again. [...] This forest is alive. It consumed them." 
> -- [[Xavier]], [[01-03.03 Reunion Under Moon]]
* Aspects of this may have been exaggerated to scare MC, but the [[Tenebra]]e note is likely true

A forested area with some ruins. Parts are more intact than others. There's an old signal station and a [[Flux Nexus]].

# Spacepedia
Originally a forest surrounding Linkon City, it was chosen as the location for a cosmic signal station. It was one of the places first attacked during the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]], and the signal station was destroyed. Now, a large number of [[Wanderer]]s live here.
# Other Info

## Traceback II
[[WU-04 From The Stars#03 Waterfall Inside Forest]] details [[Xavier]] visiting this area before the [[Chronorift Catastrophe]]. The signal station is a secret at that point in time, and the forest is peaceful. Hidden past a dark valley is the crash site of the [[Traceback II]].
* Could this actually be [[No-Hunt Zone 19]] from [[Silvery Polyphony]]? #todo

## Main Story
Key location in [[01-03 Talented Hunter]].

The area is fenced off with chain link and warning tape. The sign reads:
> No-hunt Zone No. 7
> Deepspace Hunters Shall Not Enter Without Permission
> EXTREMELY DANGEROUS
> NO TRESPASSING
> Deepspace [[Hunters Association]]
> [[Linkon]] City Chapter
