Locations/Sylus's base.md, before:

Also [[Onychinus]]'s base, though it doesn't appear that [[Sherman]] was ever allowed here. [[Luke and Kieran]] are frequently around.

First seen in [[02-01.03 Cornered Beast]].

Known rooms/areas:
* [[Onychinus base armory]]
* [[Underground garage]]
* [[Underground shooting range]]
* [[Sylus's gaming pods]]

A comprehensive description of how Sylus's base fits into the [[N109 Zone]] isn't given, but we at least know that it's a skyscraper within walking distance of [[Charon]].
# Location
In [[Zoion Hunt]], [[Dimitri]] leads [[MC]] to the eastern district of [[Charon]] when dropping her off with [[Mephisto]]. So, the base is somewhere in the eastern quadrant of the [[N109 Zone]] and within walking distance of [[Charon]]. ([[05-01.03 Zoion Hunt]])

Also, from the base's elevated position, the whole [[N109 Zone]] can be seen through its floor-to-ceiling windows ([[05-01.04 The Match]]). This is confirmation that the base is a skyscraper at the heart of the zone.

In [[02-01.06 Resonance and Shackles]], the area out front of the base seems spread out from other buildings, but it's possible the building is more closely surrounded on other sides. ((It's also highly possible that these details weren't initially specified, and so have been filled in after-the-fact.))

(( #todo I remember seeing a note about how the view from the windows of one of the Kindled scenes (I think Night of Secrecy?) confirms it's a skyscraper, I need to double check this))

The view shown from the base in [[05-01.04 The Match]]:
![[screenshot-view-from-onychinus-base.png]]

Commit message:

Add Sylus's arc of Death and Rebirth and key Sylus memories/themes
Giant chaos commit because I went down some rabbit holes of Sylus lore.

Locations/Sylus's base.md, after:

Also [[Onychinus]]'s base, though it doesn't appear that [[Sherman]] was ever allowed here. [[Luke and Kieran]] are frequently around.

First seen in [[02-01.03 Cornered Beast]].

Known rooms/areas:
* [[Onychinus base armory]]
* [[Underground garage]]
* [[Underground shooting range]]
* [[Sylus's gaming pods]]

A comprehensive description of how Sylus's base fits into the [[N109 Zone]] isn't given, but we at least know that it's a skyscraper within walking distance of [[Charon]].
# Location
In [[Zoion Hunt]], [[Dimitri]] leads [[MC]] to the eastern district of [[Charon]] when dropping her off with [[Mephisto]]. So, the base is somewhere in the eastern quadrant of the [[N109 Zone]] and within walking distance of [[Charon]]. ([[05-01.03 Zoion Hunt]])

Since [[Charon]] is also described as being southwest of [[Sylus's base]] ([[Event - Abyssal Splendor#Gem Investigation#Chapter 1]]), and Charon described as being at the center of the N109 Zone, then Sylus's base must be in the Northeast area.

Also, from the base's elevated position, the whole [[N109 Zone]] can be seen through its floor-to-ceiling windows ([[05-01.04 The Match]]). This is confirmation that the base is a skyscraper.

In [[02-01.06 Resonance and Shackles]], the area out front of the base seems spread out from other buildings, but it's possible the building is more closely surrounded on other sides. ((It's also highly possible that these details weren't initially specified, and so have been filled in after-the-fact.))

(( #todo I remember seeing a note about how the view from the windows of one of the Kindled scenes (I think Night of Secrecy?) confirms it's a skyscraper, I need to double check this))

The view shown from the base in [[05-01.04 The Match]]:
![[screenshot-view-from-onychinus-base.png]]
