Locations/Sylus's luxury suite.md, before:

Features in [[Captivating Moment]]. At the [[Solon Hotel]].

* The building has an underground parking lot.
* It's a presidential suite on the top floor.
* It also includes the floor below it.

> By the time I pick out a bedroom to sleep in, Sylus is nowhere to be seen.
> I take the elevator to the floor below. Unlike the suite on the top floor, this looks more like something you'd see in a normal hotel.
> Hallways connect the rooms. There's no one around, and many of the doors are open.
> As I walk, I realize these aren't guest rooms. One is a mini theater, another a gym... There's a karaoke room, a gaming room, and a boxing ring. I even see a swimming pool.
> Are all of them for Sylus's personal use?
> -- MC POV, [[Captivating Moment - Ch 2]]

The top floor includes a music room:
> What greets me is a wall covered in records and all sorts of exquisite musical instruments.
> Sylus sits on the sofa facing the full-length windows. He gazes outside into the night, and his leg rests on the coffee table. He holds a glass of red wine in one hand and appears very relaxed.
> -- MC POV, [[Captivating Moment - Ch 4]]

Commit message:

Clarify Sylus's luxury suite location
Note that the Solon suite referenced in Mischief can't be the same one as in Captivating Moment.

Locations/Sylus's luxury suite.md, after:

![[Myth - Captivating Moment.png]]

Features in [[Captivating Moment]].

* The building has an underground parking lot.
* It's a presidential suite on the top floor.
* It also includes the floor below it.

> By the time I pick out a bedroom to sleep in, Sylus is nowhere to be seen.
> I take the elevator to the floor below. Unlike the suite on the top floor, this looks more like something you'd see in a normal hotel.
> Hallways connect the rooms. There's no one around, and many of the doors are open.
> As I walk, I realize these aren't guest rooms. One is a mini theater, another a gym... There's a karaoke room, a gaming room, and a boxing ring. I even see a swimming pool.
> Are all of them for Sylus's personal use?
> -- MC POV, [[Captivating Moment - Ch 2]]

The top floor includes a music room:
> What greets me is a wall covered in records and all sorts of exquisite musical instruments.
> Sylus sits on the sofa facing the full-length windows. He gazes outside into the night, and his leg rests on the coffee table. He holds a glass of red wine in one hand and appears very relaxed.
> -- MC POV, [[Captivating Moment - Ch 4]]

# Location
Though [[WU-10 Mischief#02 Rumor]] mentions a rumor of Sylus having a permanent luxury suite at the [[Solon Hotel]] specifically, we know from Spacepedia that the roof of the Solon Hotel is the ruins of an old biotech research facility. 

If you take the myth's main cover image (above) as intended to depict the skyscraper that contains this suite, it cannot be the [[Solon Hotel]] because 1) its top is a spire and 2) it's not directly under the Deepspace Tunnel.

While the rumor in Mischief may or may not have been intended to establish the location of the suite mentioned in [[Captivating Moment]], the easy resolution is simply that Sylus has luxury suite throughout the N109 Zone, both at this unnamed hotel and at the [[Solon Hotel]]. (See also [[Sylus's nests]])
